For example , I always thought history was the world ’s experience , which makes us aware of what could happen to us and gives us tools to make crucial decisions about our future .
I do n't have all that much to say .... I was thinking about a church camp I went to and how religious I felt while I was there .
If I had my own company , I would certainly employ highly competitive people with enough experience , because hiring these people would be more beneficial for the company .
I keep doing it in English and Korean because I feel it is easier to write what I want to write in foreign languages . Of course it 's hard to write because of my lack of language skills .
If I do , I think I 'd try to keep it secret .
As a result , some people hold the opinion that in the future , there will be no public transport .
Despite the fact that using cars is expensive , many people still prefer to use their own vehicles because it saves their valuable time .
Nowadays , more and more people are learning how to drive , as driving one 's own car is , as everyone knows , much more convenient than taking public transport .
Since you can contact people whom you are going to meet anytime , you feel as if you are allowed to be late .
When I was at college , I went to the nearest station by bicycle for about fifteen minutes , and rode on the train .
In my opinion , fewer people are travelling by public transport and have started to buy their own cars , which are more comfortable to use whether you are in a hurry or not .
There are many kinds of transport , such as buses , trains and small cars called amgad and also taxis .
Furthermore , your actions and movements are limited by the schedule and the route of the mode of transport you are taking .
Travelling by car might be more pleasant , but it can also be costly , because fuel can be very expensive , depending on the current economy .
I think the weather in Fukui is kind of strange compared to other places where I have lived before .
It takes about 1 hour to get to the city from the airport by bus .
When we visited a supermarket on Maui , we were somewhat put - off by the price of some everyday items , like orange juice .
In my opinion , fewer people are travelling by public transport and have started to buy their own cars , which are more comfortable to use whether you are in a hurry or not .
Additionally , if we are eager to travel outside the town in order to have some rest from a hectic rhythm of life , it will be more comfortable for us to use our cars .
Many people like to travel by bike in order to decrease the pollution which is caused by car exhaust . From my point of view , I prefer travelling by car , which is more comfortable .
My real name is Elizabeth 58 .
I am 18 years old and a university student .
All the students are happy that we will have the opportunity to visit London for three days .
I think I am a suitable person to care for children , because I like working with kids . It is not the first time I have worked with children .
Another reason is because I like to draw .
The main problem I 'm having is that my mom is a spectacular cook and she loves to cook , so there 's always a huge quantity of food around .
I hope that you can understand what I want to say .
Thanks
The other reason why I like playing football is because it is a team sport .
Apart from that , the town is near the beach , and there we have many restaurants where you can eat while you are watching the waves on the sea .
It is quite entertaining when he does this .
I would like to play tennis and go swimming . I choose tennis because it is a sport that you can play with other people , also because I like competitive sports .
Dear Diary ,
I am writing in response to your letter , in which you told me I am the winner in your competition , and my intention is to try to give you all the information you may need .
On the other hand , there are a lot of disadvantages to owning a pet in big cities .
in Spain ( Granada , Sevilla , Toledo , , , ) , Portugal , or France ( by car )
For example , when you go to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City , you can see lots of historical monuments and items belonging to American history and also other countries ' history .
I travel to Italy at least 10 times a year .
The first thing I would like to inform you of is that making the trip in August would be more convenient for me and for the company I work for ; in September I am usually very busy and have more responsibilities .
First of all , regardless of living in the global world , we still can not stop wars and most countries still have weapons .
Because of that , I think that I could join your team and I would be a suitable person for you .
Looking at houses to rent with my best friend and a nice , new girl .
I am used to children . I have two sisters who are 9 and 11 years old and I take care of them all the time .
I hope it will be a suitable job for me .
I hope you 're happy to receive my letter and am looking forward to hearing from you .
They are my old colleagues , and I 'm looking forward to meet them .
Take care of your baby carefully
Public transport is so necessary in big cities that the car industry is continuously developing new means of transport .
And this importance of private transport is because private transportation provides a comfortable way to move from one place to another . Also , it helps to save time and reduce costs spent in public transportation .
Therefore residents can employ these vehicles every day , and they do not meet a traffic jam .
Firstly , public transport is useful for people that can not afford a car and their work is far away from where they live .
Therefore , if you want to save money , it is wise not to own private cars , but to use public transportation instead .
First of all , public transport is used by many people who do not have cars , like students and workers . They can afford to buy tickets .
It can be proved now that the willingness of people to use public transportation is higher . Besides , it is not as costly as using a car , and the quality of public transportation has improved , so citizens have no worries about using it .
These are very cheap and people who do not have a car use them to go everywhere . However , this mode of transport is not so comfortable , because sometimes you have to travel with lots of people .
For me , people have become very lazy and they prefer the car rather than public transport , because you can take the car when you want and go where you want without spending hours waiting for the bus .
Therefore , if you want to save money , it is wise not to own private cars , but to use public transportation instead .
Firstly , society today is more concerned about being environmentally friendly .
Without GM crops , we would need to cultivate every acre of arable land in the world to keep the current population alive .
Firstly , it is very good for the environment because it reduces a lot of carbon dioxide gas which , if everybody took their car instead of taking public transport , would pollute the atmosphere .
My professor had contacted Catherine at the station , who introduced us to everyone there .
For years , we have endeavoured to protect the financial interests of the community more effectively .
Hello everyone ! ~ Today I am going to tell you about my hometown , Busan .
There are a lot of football teams , football events , and fan clubs in almost every country of the world .
I believe all my plans have succeeded .
I 'm so excited about it because U2 is my favorite rock band .
I remembered a lot of things , like when I was a kid I flew a kite that my grandpa made for me .
After many years he still dream to become a super hero .
He did get pay from his company , but , it is because he thinks that his company is famous .
I was recommended to go to bar of pub where foreign people go to .
Kate was cursing the university of fashion .
But after awhile , they became great friends .
When he came she started crying and thought he would break up with her and she did not give him a chance to talk or explain anything . She started to cry louder and accused him of cheating . That made Michael astonished at how she did not trust in him , how she thought that about him , and he told her that he could not stand that anymore , he would break up with her , and he left . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I got asked what was wrong and I had to reply nothing because everything was wrong and for some reason , everything is hard to talk about .
When she finally told him , Pat reacted in a very bad way and told John immediately .
That day she felt very sad and talked to her dad with tears .
It happens that Marty is there , so they also tried to kill him .
I coughed up blood and all .
Michael get away from there .
Since he had entered the building he had had a strange feeling . When he arrived at his office , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Nowadays , technology is more modern than in the past and people are always developing their inventions to make them more useful .
It is true that we want to avoid using cars in the city , but this does not mean we totally do not use cars .
However , the public usually forgets the fact that nuclear power can actually be a rich source of energy and is able to have a substantial effect on the reduction of cost and environmental pollution .
So , we should focus our minds on making the right decision and spend our time wisely doing what is most important .
Away from all the dysfunction and in a place where she can be nurtured and grow into a healthy , happy , well - adjusted person .
There is no future for public transport because buses and trains are broken and dirty and people prefer to avoid them .
I usually use the train for transportation , but I thought I would use a bus to avoid getting wet in the rain .
Some insist that no one will need a bus or the subway in the future .
Car is convenient for human , but it brings damage for human also .
But cars create pollution : for example the greenhouse effect .
The nuclear industry , however , still affects our environment and health as foreign nuclear power plants have affected our seas and countryside , causing health problems for our population .
Nowadays , people are suffering from many types of environmental problems , such as global warming , acid rain , air pollution , etc .
On the subject of antibiotics , why has more not been done , Mr Prodi ?
If someone who has a Geiger counter accepts the request , the measuring result will be updated on the site .
If it does n't move and it should , use WD-40 .
Lost shipments have been found more easily when this process will be started right away
The pleasure of traveling
People come and go
For instance , fashionable people like to live in a big city because they can see all the new fashions at the mall .
In my opinion , any transport is completely safe . However , people say the plane is the safest mode of transport .
All the same , a car is also a necessity today , because very often it is the only means to get to where you need to go .
But if you take the bus , you have to get off at a bus stop , which may be a bit far from where you want to go .
On the one hand , it is very enjoyable to go shopping because we can find a lot of things .
The problem is that there is not a very good choice in shops .
These things make us think about whether public transport has a future . After all , to do all the things you need in your routine , like to go to work , to go shopping or just to go out with the family , it is more convenient by car than by bus .
I told them , you can just write , no matter what you write .
No one can deny the importance of travelling .
In addition , public transport is cheap because buying a car means spending a fortune and in big cities where people are concerned about the environment , such as Amsterdam or Tokyo , there are many facilities like mobile phone apps or special offers .
Because , unlike novels and movies , our daily lives are usually neither special nor interesting .
Problems arose as the workers had to stay in the company to finish the work that can not be done without a computer .
It is a place for people to share their thoughts , pictures , and feelings that other people can relate to .
Humans have many basic needs and one of them is to have an environment that can sustain their lives .
In this regard , the role of farmers and producers is crucial .
There are mainly two reasons .
In short , while speaking with someone , we should try to learn their favorite topics , speech patterns and habits , and how we can make them feel comfortable .
Even after children have graduated from college and started working , parents can give advice to them about anything , for example , how to balance working hours and private time , or how to raise children .
Ideally , you should talk to your parents , but if you are afraid to do this , then consider a youth leader , a teacher , or a friend ’s parent .
If some psychologists can communicate with the management officials and teach them to think in a more critical way , the results would not be catastrophic .
In actuality , we are the only ones that have to deal with our actions .
However , it is clear that these inventions have not been not produced overnight and human beings have put in a lot of time and effort to develop and generate them .
Virtually everything is mass produced and in heavy manufacturing , aided by the advances in computer software , robots are doing an awful lot of work .
Old computers were used to occupy one entire room , now , they only have the size of a box , even the size of a book .
For that reason , using your own car is more convenient than public transport . You can travel whenever you like and wherever you want .
Second , when people get back home , they always turn on the computer to read news on the Internet . Last , almost every student likes games , because it can make us relax , but many students spend too much time in playing games .
The initiative has close to 70 participants and is dedicated to enabling web content , standalone applications and uncompromised web browsing across televisions , desktops , mobile devices and other consumer electronics that take advantage of the capabilities of the Adobe Flash Platform , including Adobe Flash Player 10.1 .
Get rekt m8
Then , my boss urged me to decide whether or not I could go volunteer for just 2 hours , and I phoned my wife to discuss the matter .
What people are missing is the new Iphone is the new Ipod except it has a built in revenue stream … you can buy music on the go … shop etc … I saves me the hour I spend in front of my PC when I get home checking stuff … now i m at the gym ect doing what i used to do in front of the PC … i m so confident in this thing the total cost of my Iphone alone has been $ 14399 … that includes the stock i bought after owning it a month … .
But wait a minute am i really so angry to make this ?
No !
and soon the banks are going to start forgiving principal on mortgages because they ca n't be stuck with millions of empty homes and no way to protect them from looters .... so in the end , the people who caused this whole disaster will get rewarded through my tax dollars ... i wish i had bought a home in 2007 that I could nt afford ... then i would have gotten a 30 % off coupon too ! !
sayin “ I hate you ” because that might be your last words to that person .. I , of course , did not know this man but I can not help but feel as if I did .. I know I am not grieving like Jake Ghylenhall or Michelle Williams .. but the loss of life is a sad thing no matter who it is … I pray for his daughter , his wife , his family and esspecially his SOUL ..
Personally I do not completely agree with this way of thinking .
Furthermore , we use personal vehicles or rent cars for travelling , because it is more convenient and gives us the feeling of independence .
In addition , some people do not like travelling in their private cars on the highways because they fear accidents .
My Favourite Sport .
I remenber when I was child , I wanted to become a pilot .
The best thing about football is that it 's a fun sport to play .
Football is the most popular sport followed in Italy and in Europe . In fact , there are some important tournaments in which all important European teams participate . They are called the " Champions League " and the " Europa League " . Football is a team sport . In fact , everybody participates in this sport without excluding anybody .
Football is the most popular sport followed in Italy and in Europe . In fact , there are some important tournaments in which all important European teams participate . They are called the " Champions League " and the " Europa League " . Football is a team sport . In fact , everybody participates in this sport without excluding anybody .
I 've always loved to watch soccer , since I was a little kid , because my father was a great fan of the biggest team in Brazil , Flamengo .
Football is the most popular sport followed in Italy and in Europe . In fact , there are some important tournaments in which all important European teams participate . They are called the " Champions League " and the " Europa League " . Football is a team sport . In fact , everybody participates in this sport without excluding anybody .
I know it ’s not easy to accept that my reason for taking this job is because I am tired of writing for a living .
But as this article says , if I had a definite skill about something , I could run a business and not only get a job in a company .
My cat is named Sam .
After graduation I studied programming in the National Youth Commission and received training at National Central University for six months ; after that , I was engaged in software development for about 17 years .
I am 24 years old , and I am single .
I am interested in looking after chilren and playing with chilfen .
I often draw pictures of animals , because I like animals .
When I was a junior high school student , I enjoyed playing basketball with my classmates .
It was more successful than before because of our preparation for the meeting .
But the game is quite awesome .
Another reason is because I like to draw .
I also like to bake cookies and sometimes , my mom asks me to take care of dinner .
I am also very cheerful and energetic , and am very good at organising fun activities .
So I can not talk to someone about my problems .
But I really just need money , which means I need a job .
In that place , we can play with cats , drink tea and coffee , and eat .
So , what I want to tell is that this is the most precious time in life .
I am usually a strong opponent of tobacco .
but I want to fulfill my sexual desires .
My teachers have said to me that , if you want , they can write a letter about my experience .
There are several reasons to believe that . Firstly , many people are influenced by the advertising , which mixes happiness with driving cars and makes people think that public transport is not as smart an option as cars .
These are very cheap and people who do not have a car use them to go everywhere . However , this mode of transport is not so comfortable , because sometimes you have to travel with lots of people .
I do not agree with the idea that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect means of transport for commuters and , nowadays , a lot of people are conscious of global warming and the environment , and refuse to use the car every day .
Secondly , public transport is better for the environment than using cars because a bus has more space than a car and many people can go on a bus , thus decreasing the amount of pollution and helping the environment .
The main topic of the news has been about a rescue plan for the big 3 automakers in America .
As we trace the history of nuclear power since 1942 till today , we can see that there is a vast improvement in the field of nuclear energy in terms of global security , operational safety , automation of the process , cost and performance .
In fact , the development of other sectors may bring about economic growth , which could possibly drive higher fiscal earnings to facilitate eldercare policies .
Thus , we could curb a significant amount of oil consumption and push forward green energy production and applications .
In fact , the development of other sectors may bring about economic growth , which could possibly drive higher fiscal earnings to facilitate eldercare policies .
For all the people , I advise you to start playing or watching football , because , for me , it is a very good sport . But you can only play football well if you really like it , because , first and foremost , football is fun .
Thirdly , global warming is a serious problem for humans who live on the earth .
Many people are considering if we should impose some restrictions on the industrial world , to ensure the survival of mankind .
I think it is important for people to see it .
Therefore , it is vital that senior citizens have a healthy lifestyle and to be active in the workforce in order for them to be in good health and have the ability to self-provide .
Moreover , I would like a family who can have breakfast and dinner together because I think having a meal together is very important for the relationship between me and the homestay family . Also , I need a home that has good amenities .
Everyone have to plant a tree in front of their home with the rule of province government .
The usage of nuclear power helps to reduce the emissions of greenhouse gas , slowing down global warming and purifying air which will in turn reduce the indirect cost of greenhouse gas .
Eventually human will have no more fresh air to breath .
Walking on a city street , it 's difficult to find parks or " green " places with trees and clean air : actually pollution , traffic and noise are the main problems of our society .
It is natural for us talk everyday , but , we will not able to see such an ocassion like now because each person will go their own way .
everybody can choose what he likes .
My favourite sport is football , and I enjoy it because I love football players .
Every Sunday afternoon , I usually spend a great amount of time on cooking in my dorm .
Usually , I play football with my friends in a stadium .
As a female who works out , I have noticed that my moods ARE more stable with activity . However , if training gets intense ( say weight lifting , training to win a race , etc . )
“ We should have enough horses to get the job done , ” said Big Brown ’s ever - confident trainer , Rick Dutrow .
" I would say , especially for speed sports , you need to have more access to tracks and whoever organises the Olympics needs to offer that , " said Schmid during preparations for the Games .
But I think that teaching is a difficult job .
After the terrible events over the last century , none of us wants military conflicts .
They were called `` losers `` .
In some respects , we have been pioneers , and in some areas our technological achievements are very good .
Moreover , I want him to be a big and famous baseball player in Japan .
My second choice is basketball .
Everyone who holds freedom dear should rejoice over words like the following : Freedom is not defined by safety .
A Child swallow made on my houses holl .
Hey , What 's going on ?
Are you hurt ?
My answer to " how was your day ? "
This is my first text and I want you to check if it is properly written .
Writing to you , ( to someone I have n't met , recognized or remembered ) , seems a lil worse than preposterous , but as of now , I have no other means .
Dear friends ,
It would be a great opportunity to see this show , because we are all very interested in the subject of fashion .
I 've studied English for more than 15 years , but I 'm not good at speaking and writing English .
In the future , I would like to use English for business , or communicate with people who live in other countries when I travel .
but , as a result , I went to Australia for 9 months to improve English skills when I was 19 years old .
but I can say I enjoyed a lot here and gained unforgetable memories , which I can remember , even in korea forever .
( I think he should have told us earlier , because I did not know this rule ) When he asked us do the presentation again next week , I felt angry and ashamed , and I argued about it .
Students in the class congratulated him on this great news .
However , my father never got toys when he was a child , because too many children needed to be fed .
For these reasons , I think I would be a suitable person for this kind of job . I am very open - minded and I love to take care of children because of their beautiful way of thinking and seeing things in a very simple and natural way .
If I wanted to be a rich person , I would choose such high salary jobs .
If you disagree with me , I ’d rather you do so because of my ideas and not because of your preconceived notions about what I think .
Best wishes , Julia
I agree that there is a lower demand for public transport in smaller cities and towns , but that does n't mean it has no future .
Yes , we can say that the car is much more convenient . But not every person can afford a car .
So lots of people living there have trouble not being able to go shopping .
Governments haven't been giving good ideas to improve public transport .
However , what does the check mean ?
" Because they are twins , they have each other , so they are always able to help each other and support each other , " he said .
Moreover , at present , there are still many people who can not take care of their parents and have to leave them in old folks ' homes because they have their own family and they are still struggling to get by in this increasingly complex world .
If you have n't already noticed , I do n't really like people who talk like that .
I know the advantages of staying in areas like this because I live in Japan , which has four seasons .
By the way , there are two Catholic churches near my house .
It is warmer in Victoria than in other cities .
If you want Indian food , you have to learn to cook it yourself .
Moreover , it is fun to try on many different types of clothes and to see what you look like in various clothes , especially if you are in a foreign country .
Although I have always wanted to go abroad , I think that there are many great places in Japan too .
If Marten reports to me that you are not wearing the hat , we will devise stronger punishments .
I live in the center of Spain , in a small city .
The council is n't charged with getting involved in the news .
People put their rubbish in bags and throw them away near their houses .
We know we ca n’t trust them , not that we can trust the government much more .
You can eat various kinds of American food in Japan , but interestingly , Mexican food is not so popular in Japan .
What a cruel joke !
The suburbs of Lentini could be wonderful .
There are orange trees , a large lake and Etna in background .
I wanted to become a baker when I was in elementary school because I wanted to eat a lot of cakes .
We talked about the game we played or the homework we did or the girls we liked then , and today we talked about our college life and job and future .
For instance , when I was three years old , I used to be captivated by all the toys which were presented in TV commercials just because of the way they were presented .
It was perhaps one of the worst experiences in my whole life .
I remember my friends threw a surprise party for me when I turned 21 , but even then I can remember feeling very alone for a few minutes .
He never answered me ; and began to cry because I was so angry with him .
My dad picked me up and took me to my cousins birthday party , which was fun because it was at an ice skating rink .
If I failed , I thought I would be sad because I disappointed my parents .
My mom was always upset about my behavior .
But he is now my roommate 's best friend .
I love my family and my friends , who are the most important people in my life .
But she has never taken me .
All of the characters have very nice personalities and I like Henry very much .
Many people do morning exercises , jog in the morning , train themselves in fitness clubs and gyms , and take part in sports competitions .
At home , I often watch TV and watch films on the internet .
This is an interesting question because I believe that my family are my best friends , but at the same time , they are not my friends .
Although our standard of living is becoming higher and higher , the relationship between parents and children is becoming worse and worse .
Public transport is so necessary in big cities that the car industry is continuously developing new means of transport .
The title is `` THE PRESIDENT ' S MURDERER `` .
So the shop assistant recomended him new model .
Hi , my name is Pablo . I 'm from Buenos Aires , Argentina and I work in the financial services industry .
The reason why I am interested in trade is because I believe that trade helps developing countries and poor people .
Well , it will be very busy this month , but I am pretty sure that everything will be fine .
I think it 's very important for me to have as many opportunities as possible to talk to a native speaker , or a person who can speak English fluently , in order to improve my speaking skills .
I used to work as a English teacher and teach English to children ( especially to elementary school kids ) at a private English school .
He said he is waiting for it .
Hi Mike
How are you doing ? ? ? ? `` in Canada .
So , now , I 'm studying a lot of things in the Meisei University library .
He is a very nice person and I want to become best friends , even while I 'm studying at the University of Arizona .
Although I have not decided whether to take a TOEFL exam yet , it 's good practice for me to learn academic writing .
Even if I go home , I will continue studying English .
Besides the tune , the lyrics are funny too .
Dear Sir or madam :
We have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and we would all like to go there .
For these reasons , I think I would be a suitable person for this kind of job . I am very open - minded and I love to take care of children because of their beautiful way of thinking and seeing things in a very simple and natural way .
in my family .
I 'm 31 years old , and I have had the privilege of working as a teacher all my life , so I am an experienced person capable of taking care of children .
One reason that I like to eat sandwiches is I can eat vegetables .
I hope you will consider my application . This would actually be a wonderful experience for me .
I hope you will consider this proposition and I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sandra Barrientos
they admire the European life style so they learn English . when I first read this I agreed deeply with the author but after that I kept thinking about it . why English ? if people like European life they still have many other choices right ? I think it 's because English is an worldwide offical language that 's why people learn it most .
Public transport is so necessary in big cities that the car industry is continuously developing new means of transport .
In conclusion , in my opinion nuclear energy can be used to solve the problem of increasing energy demand in various industries , because it is safe to both human beings and the environment , and it is capable to provide relatively larger amounts of energy than other sources .
From this , It is obvious that we have to encourage the use of sustainable energy resources , such as wind energy and solar energy .
Acknowledging the increasing environmental consciousness of people all over the world , builders are trying to lure investments back to the market by constructing energy - efficient houses and buildings that save energy or reduce the load required .
In addition , an increase in infrastructure can attract investment from abroad because facilities are fully equipped .
Commuting , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
Also , with today 's machines , factories have significantly increased their production , which brings progress to humanity , but also , with the continuous replacement of men by machines , unemployment is increasing too , and today , it worries every single citizen of the world , specially the ones who live in third world countries .
In far too many instances , the cost of creating a new job is prohibitive - high taxation , national insurance contributions and over - regulation - are factors militating against job creation .
If you are allergic to nickel , you can avoid using products containing nickel , but if you become allergic to scents or fragrances , it becomes difficult for you to go to public places , because you can not prevent other people using them .
The first reason is that public transportation carries humans .
Each character in this play who is able to do magic uses it in a different way . For example : to help ; for their own needs .
In conclusion , because of enhanced economic growth , ensuring better lives for future generations of older people and stressing filial obligation , limiting public spending on the aged in order to invest in other prior areas of the country 's development is a good approach to solve the global aging problem .
" Hi , how are you ?
No , still not in the mood to talk mayby tomorrow . 'll tell you why then .
Finally , I would like to ask you if I have to take some money , or if everything is provided by the organisers .
It 's easy to get to my apartment from the airport . You can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to Powder Street , and when you get there , just call me and I will come there . My apartment is not far from that street .
Taylor , thank you for what you have written .
This is why they should read various kinds of books .
I finished work before 1 pm then went to the library to finish my thesis ,
Higher divorce rates and family breakdown are becoming rampant in modern , urbanized societies and will have consequential effects on the quality of care and support for the elderly .
However , the rising standard of living can cause some factors that will contribute to the aging population such as high-quality health care , which helps people live longer .
As such , we must approach it with an ambitious focus , with the aim of working towards the inclusion of all citizens of the community , and we must implement it in both public policy and administrative operations , as well as in relationships between individuals .
To sum up , the government has to assume responsibilities in taking care of the elderly and to ensure that the country is adequately prepared to accept an ageing population ; thus , spending on the aged should not be limited and money should not be diverted into other areas of the country 's development .
If we consider theworking environment , we ca n't say `` Japan is the easiest country to live in . `` Even children can notice that lol
Jordan Romero has got 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Climbing to the mountaintop is not easy because the height is more than 3,700 meters .
the top was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
I like to play soccer and computer games and I like to listen to rap music in Spanish and English .
Also tomorrow we will go to see the zoo . It is so exciting because I 've never been to a zoo here .
When we watch and listen to music we can learn foreign languages as well .
it is very delicious .
My friend , who is a guy and was with me today , has a good memory .
It is because of the cute girls in the games .
Last night astro did n't have live this match , made my heart so itchy .
Sometimes it is difficult to study in my house .
Hello .
My name is Dimensions and I am a 23 - year old girl living in Sydney , Australia .
now I am a college student . I want to learn English very well .
I was in my first year of high school .
It is true that I try writing as many journal entries as possible , but I have never felt that it is tough for me .
Also , she told me about game which she play when she was child .
I hope she loves it .
It shines like the moon .
But she is ignored me .
And at times , I wish I could see my best friend again .
Run for your life
Soccer is my favorite sports .
Went running tonight like I normally do and I run in the grass for part of my run because I feel it is a little softer on my joints if I do .
In my opinion , the swimming pool is convenient because you can walk to swim if you live in town , but it is very expensive , particularly for young people .
I hate when it rains but the sounds of the heavy rains tapping on the ground at times makes me calm .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that it 's cheaper and better for the environment . As for me , I think that cars are easier and an affordable way to travel between places , because cars are here anytime and so near to your home , unlike public transportation , which you have to walk to to reach in most countries . And also , cars are available all the time . You can go at 4 am and no one will say anything , because it 's yours , but most public transportation is available only for the daylight hours and a few hours at night , in an emergency situation for example , what will you do if you do not have your own car ? Your kid is sick , or your wife or your elderly parents . And , in general , the more we rely on ourselves , the more our government is able to help the poor and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community . We merely ask the government to improve the streets and the traffic light systems , and more petrol stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move around easily and safely and in a short amount of time .
I agree with the idea that watching television does not make people smart because television is only a time waster .
Sometimes it 's difficult to choose a subject to talk about .
But , if you 're researching the Aibo dog , you might enjoy the entire video .
It 's difficult to learn every skill because there is a limit one person can learn .
I just thought having such an attitude in front of him might affect or change his feelings and ways of thinking , so I never tried to persuade him not to commit suicide , but I behaved optimistically no matter what attitude he was .
I usually write English letters because of my work .
I believe flexibility is very important and necessary in business , and one of my advantages is to be flexible .
In general , the university has a lot of advantages .
It ’s a lifelong process … I continue to read things that change my mind , and I enjoy learning immensely , because the knowledge is acquired on my own terms .
From simple gadgets to complex computer systems , marketers are developing almost everything to ensure that the elderly do not face any difficulties in the transitioning process .
The European agriculture market does not tolerate this .
Yet for many in the art world , such gifts raise an issue : Should nonprofit art museums accept money from commercial galleries with a clear financial stake in the artist ’s career , and in some cases in the artworks on display ?
I think it helps to think of television reporting as virtually pure entertainment .
An increasing number of people have begun to discuss success in school or work , and whether having an ability to adapt or adjust to conditions or circumstances is more important than having excellent knowledge of a field of study .
Hence , the CPF has indeed helped to ease the aging process and the financial burden of the elderly as it requires people to save in advance and also informs citizens on how much they should save in order to be self- sufficient for their old age .
The problem , though , is that anybody can import C.F.L. ’s from China , which means there ’s an awful lot of unbranded and untested products in the stores .
Of course , religious people may argue that religion plays a far more important role in their lives than music or football play in the lives of those who enjoy these activities , and that , as a result , special efforts should be made to accommodate religious practices .
We ate dinner at a family restaurant , `` Gust `` , which is my son 's favorite place to eat .
First , we can enjoy many traditional foods like Sushi .
Coffee and Cigarettes was perhaps the worst movie I have ever seen in my entire life .
The town is very small , but is known for its traditional cityscape , where I could see beautiful antique gas lamps standing along stone streets and some buildings which had been built about 100 years ago .
Since we first met , we have spent a lot of time together because we study at the same university and we always take the same courses .
Therefore , it looks like a service and is also boring for the customer . I think most men dislike shopping .
There should be a future for public transport .
Public transport is so necessary in big cities that the car industry is continuously developing new means of transport .
Therefore , if you want to save money , it is wise not to own private cars , but to use public transportation instead .
The emission of harmful pollutants into the atmosphere by motorcars and factories has affected human health and this needs to be rectified .
So no legal advice shall be distributed by mua.many apologies.there were way too many lawyers around anyway .
Nowadays , having a car is very expensive because you have to pay for a lot of things .
A dollar a day does not help . A dollar will not cover food and water , buying clothes , going to school , paying rent , or any personal items .
Secondly , it is a good way of travelling or moving from one place to another without wasting time waiting for a specific time to move or even waste time waiting for a public transportation vehicle to reach all the points it has to go to , but on the other hand , when you have your own transport or private transport , you get the right to choose the time of your trip or when you want to move or stay , and nowadays , we can not afford to waste our time taking public transport .
In cities with polluted air , we have to reduce individual car traffic and improve public transport .
Firstly , many people think public transport has no future because travelling by car is faster and more independent .
I am a freelance head hunter and a management consultant .
I have received your letter . I am very happy to have won the first prize .
But pay a little low .
Last summer , he was supposed to teach two traditional courses at the college with about 12 students in each , but many students chose to take the course online , so he ended up teaching 40 students online and was paid for only one course .
I can also make great money in sales if I 'm good . I can travel and work primarily Monday - Friday .
I called to tell him that the estimate would be 15000 yen for 7 pages on an urgent basis , and he confirmed the price after complaining about the high estimate for a while .
We all hope you will consider our suggestion .
I do not agree with the idea that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect means of transport for commuters and , nowadays , a lot of people are conscious of global warming and the environment , and refuse to use the car every day .
Travelling by car might be more pleasant , but it can also be costly , because fuel can be very expensive , depending on the current economy .
Secondly , public transport is better for the environment than using cars because a bus has more space than a car and many people can go on a bus , thus decreasing the amount of pollution and helping the environment .
The reason is they are tired of using public transport and they would get everywhere faster .
His father got a job as a doorman , and when Sayed was 8 , he started waiting tables at the cafe , sleeping in a stairwell because his parents ' room was too small for him and his brother .
Every day , Tom walks along the river to see the landscape and to feed lots of squirrels which live in the trees .
in a car accident . When she heard what had happened to her brother , she was so anxious . Then a miracle happened . She found a big suitcase on the train she decided to open the bag because no one was on the train . So she opened the bag and she was surprised when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .
Sukh was so angry with him because he hurt her a lot . Sukh refused to give him her laptop and her brother started fighting with her again and he even slapped his sister .
When I found out I had to go in and train that day , I called him crying cuz I was upset and I felt awful .
Later that night , he hears his baby brother crying , so he gets up to check on him .
in a car accident . When she heard what had happened to her brother , she was so anxious . Then a miracle happened . She found a big suitcase on the train she decided to open the bag because no one was on the train . So she opened the bag and she was surprised when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .
When Tom arrived home , he talked to his family about what he had learned in science class and persuaded his parents to start recycling .
After the younger guy left the bathroom , he went in the bathroom , but he had been in the bathroom about 15 minutes , so there were a few people who were waiting for him .
Louis thought he had earned a respite when ' the Bird ’ left the camp , but when Louis was moved to another camp , Watanbe was waiting for him .
Hi , Ellen .
Thank you for your kindness and hospitality .
I will listen to your comments on this text and I will try , to the best of my abilities , to answer your questions on behalf of my colleague .
In Japan a lot of universities have an English examination , so I want to write sentences in English more precisely and quickly .
It means that you can learn more efficiently in the morning .
First , Japan is an island country , so many Japanese people have not had much opportunity to communicate with foreign people .
In Japan , recently , many young people have been struggling with finding a stable job along with a regular salary .
After everything that had happened , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
A few months later , she came home and found that the locks to her front door had been changed and that she had been thrown out of her home .
She called his best friend and also his workmate and asked him about Michael , but he had no clue about it , so she decided to go to his office .
Hello , Kim !
InWang which is located in the center of Seoul .
I feel satisfaction and comfort in teaching . I view teachers as enthusiastic and collegiate people who possess a high standard of interpersonal skills .
I believe I am suitable for this job , because I enjoy working with children and I know how to cook very well .
( Good ) Morning !
My favourite sport is swimming . It makes me feel comfortable and leaves me in a good mood . I go swimming twice a week , and my advice to anyone wanting to start swimming is to enjoy every moment of it .
I have spent any time with my real friends or even my fake friends latley and they think I 'm avoiding them and yes , they are mad at me .
He saw more female strippers than he saw his family and actually I was glad when he did not come home because that meant I would not have any black eyes .
She got to know that and offered me to stay in her house the day before my departure .
I like walking in the morning every day and I enjoy doing it on my own or with my friends , because it 's very good for my health and also it keeps my body healthy and full of energy .
Another reason for choosing swimming is that I 'm good at it because a few years ago I had lessons , where I learned to swim very well .
I assume this is more natural behavior , because children often copy adult people to learn everything .
And so it 's not just straightforward combat , it 's more psychological warfare .
It is vital to everyday life .
if I stop , many things will change . I do n't like my life at this moment . I ca n't relax myself . What I can do is make fun of the people who live around me .
Yet this may be the most important feedback of all .
Journaling is an investment in ourselves . It does not require any skill or talent , just a willingness to write when we feel like it .
The beauty of this sport is that , as long as you have a ball , you can spend hours dribbling or shooting on your own .
If you do n't like it , the answer is simple .
I will go to a restaurant at noon , because I will have a graduation party .
If you do n’t like it , you do n’t have to pick it up or return it to the store .
That 's a joke , you must sleep .
If you are learning English , it will be useful for you .
There are four members of my family .
I 'm addicted to drawing simple pictures . Everyday I draw one picture . lol . They 're so funny . My sister said that my drawings looks like a 3 years old child 's drawings .
Today I have to collect for the Salvation Army at 2 pm . I 'm taking my new puppy .. yeah , I got a new puppy ... it ' s cute ey shegs ?
It 's a lover dog , he knows how i feel .
I love her so much . but I always make my sister angry .
I can see clearer how my friendship with Annabel is so superficial and lacks compassion .
I will start by telling you something about Paula Echevarria . She is a very pretty and famous actress . She also writes a fashion blog . She is 34 years old and she is married to David Bustamente , who is a popular and handsome singer in Spain . They have a daughter - her name is Daniela - and they are like a perfect family .
My mom and my sister also need dresses .
I ca n't concentrate enough and the only reason why I keep attending my classes is because I like to be with my friends .
Johnson , mrs .
Jane Clark ,
I hope you and your family are very well .
Instead of having to eat something unhealthy at a cheap restaurant , now you can even get healthy food which can be cooked easily and quickly at an economic price in supermarkets . This helps in achieving a well balanced diet .
We have chosen a qualified travel agency and there is still a lot of certifications that need to be prepared .
I feel lonely , because I have to work the day after tomorrow and my favorite city is Seattle .
That s that I suppose , not much else . I 'll talk to you all later , and see you on Tuesday .
kisses .
Fer
If global warming lasts , our lives will be destroyed some day , and these effects are mainly caused by driving automobiles .
On the other hand , people in the future will probably wear clothes to protect themselves from the polluted air and water , the harmful ultra - violet rays from the sun and all the dangerous and poisonous gases or chemicals which are the product of a developed and full - grown country .
Most scientists have agreed that we have to reduce the emission of green house gases as the impact of global warming becomes more serious .
On the other hand , people make other inventions to improve the world and reduce pollution . For example , at this time we have created electric cars and organic food . These things will be very useful in the future , because we will need to reduce pollution .
They also need to address the fears of the public so that people are more aware of the advantages of nuclear energy .
I believe flexibility is very important and necessary in business , and one of my advantages is to be flexible .
I ca n't imagine a person ever actually choosing money , because it would basically assure them a miserable lonely life .
Saying goodbye to friends and starting new relationships with new friends can always be awkward , but exciting .
I think it is fairly simple to learn .
I must do it . . . !
The second reason why it 's more important to help others , than to compete with others , is that it keeps our motivation high .
You have to be very patient when you read books in these categories , and it means that you have to be very careful when you make a decision to read a book of this kind .
They have to realize that they are keeping themselves closed .
No matter whether you are an acquaintance of his or a stranger , when you talk with him , you 'll always feel comfortable .
I know it wo n't be easy ! ,
Good day ! !
One of the reasons for why I 'm writing this article is that I know it will improve my English writing skills , and also because I like to write , I like to share my ideas through the Internet and see what other people think about it .
1- make me fit and healthy
2- classy game no friction between players
Both of these require all the muscles in your body .
Also , we think that becoming a sports star is difficult and it would be a good idea to talk about it , because some of the club members wrongly think it is easy to succeed at playing a sport .
Once people know all the benefits this sport has , they will need a space to practise it comfortably .
there are more diseases from the pollution of our envirenment , so we should protect our surroundings in every day life , so we can enjoy our beautiful life .
Are we so engulfed with our petty interests that we totally forget about the general wellbeing of society and end up voting for the wrong person ?
We clean the dirty ditch , sweep rubbish then we bury rubbish .
Whilst , we recyling inorganic rubbish too .
Secondly , it 's quite easy to deposit plastic , paper and glass in different recycling bins .
They think that they want to buy something with better customer policy .
By day , he was guided by the rising and setting sun but also by the ocean herself , the mother of life .
Will your lunatic - carpenter send to hell Jews , Hindus , Budhists and others too?and where did you hear about the distribution of wealth and power in America?and your god did n't even know what coca - cola is , not to say saving souls.and when Middle easterners had civilization , white people lived in caves and ate insects and snakes.but to know that you would have to read some books besides that italian propaganda bible.you are a hater and a racist and a bigot and your " god " is a devil .
Public transport is the backbone of a city .
Most people like to drive cars instead of using public transportation .
The future of public transport in developed countries is very different , because most people have a car . In poor countries , most people take public transport , because people do n't have a car and it is cheaper to take public transport . The pollution caused by public transport is huge and is growing . Third world countries should have eco - friendly transport .
This is bad in itself , but it is also a great danger to European integration because if people do not have faith in the institutions , it is very unlikely that they will support further steps in European integration .
Firstly , we have different modes of transport , among these is road transport .
If the government provided good transport infrastructure like modern and comfort buses , traffic free Metro lines , then people would rather use public transport than travel by car .
Using public transport reduces pollution .
so thesedays many people go to other country
And this importance of private transport is because private transportation provides a comfortable way to move from one place to another . Also , it helps to save time and reduce costs spent in public transportation .
One of the reasons why I go for a walk every day is to see the animals ' behavior .
This is because I conversed with many people .
I think nowadays , many people have pets like a real family .
There are many `` ice cafes `` which mainly serve ice cream and coffee in the city . Also , the cafe is always very crowded in spring or summer .
Type O people are gentle and have a cautious attitude .
People always say that cats are not loyal because that if you feed them , they 'll follow anybody home .
Since culture is very important in everyday life ,
Utilizing the system , learners can find an appropriate person who is able to solve the problem even if he is a stranger . An appropriate CF will be recommended upon their request , and then they help each other through the environment .
The first and most important change is related to eating prepared food that is n't healthy . Usually , the reason is probably women 's lifestyles , which are going through big changes in the sense that they do n't like staying at home and spending their time making food . Now they prefer to buy prepared food .
The responsibility of educational institutions should be helping and guiding students to make their own decisions , not making decisions for students .
Ifone child is required to take care of several people , then and they should work hard to earn a lot of money .
I have not seen the original , but this movie was bizarre .
If you have a chance to watch it , you should go to a rental shop and rent the DVD .
Their presentations were very good !
I prefer drama and romantic comedy .
when this book was published at the first time , in korea , it also became bestseller fast and stories of this book brought many controversies whether or not it is true .
The reason I do this is that anime is for children and uses few difficult words and simple sentences , unlike CNN and so on .
I think other people will like it as much as I did , because it is a very interesting and exciting story about true love that lives through time and space , and about real friendship and loyalty .
I hope we can all pass our college entrance exams ! ! !
Like Kara said , this is going to be a fun learning experience !
One of my favourite types of sport is swimming .
My favourite sport is swimming . It makes me feel comfortable and leaves me in a good mood . I go swimming twice a week , and my advice to anyone wanting to start swimming is to enjoy every moment of it .
I am not very good at all , but I like to play it with my friends and play matches on Saturdays .
If you feel lethargic , there is no point in playing Yellow River because it drains you of your energy .
It is the most important matter , because most of us are not able to buy highly educational books .
Furthermore , football gives you the opportunity to make friends because it is a team sport .
It is said that about 25 ~ 30 % of Koreans are Christian ; I think that Koreans are very delicate and sensitive people because their society is severe and strict .
Practice is the one thing that can increase the probability of desirable results and awareness is what gives you the ability to adapt to different situations , and the combination of the two is the only way to success . So if you want to be a good player , you need to put your energy and focus on practice and stay alert and survey the court at all times so you can be aware of what is happening around you .
In our view , this is important if we are to create a world order that offers everyone greater security .
Today 's topic is school uniforms .
Nowadays , technology is more modern than in the past and people are always developing their inventions to make them more useful .
First it was used only by the military or by scientists but for the last twenty years modern technology has been found in any house , rich or poor , and it helps people do hard work .
I decided that I was going to read some of his stuff today , so I picked up " The Hobbit " and read the first 20 pages .
It means that I can not work there and will have to go back to Japan in just 6 months because of a circumstance with my money . If I had gotten the appointment I could 've stayed up to 2 years . . . .
When he came home , I asked him if he could give me some work to do so I could make some money .
When he came she started crying and thought he would break up with her and she did not give him a chance to talk or explain anything . She started to cry louder and accused him of cheating . That made Michael astonished at how she did not trust in him , how she thought that about him , and he told her that he could not stand that anymore , he would break up with her , and he left . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
So travelling by bus is not convenient , not only in terms of time , but also because of the problems that you can have .
These are very cheap and people who do not have a car use them to go everywhere . However , this mode of transport is not so comfortable , because sometimes you have to travel with lots of people .
I do n't think that I 'd enjoy it , all the people kicking you , you ca n't walk properly or buy anything . And also there are a lot of cases which show how people can be in shops . I mean that some people can fight to get something .
These are very cheap and people who do not have a car use them to go everywhere . However , this mode of transport is not so comfortable , because sometimes you have to travel with lots of people .
The AVE or aeroplane are a good option for long trip .
I think so too . , I do not want to buy a car with loan .
Nikais19
5 May
Dear Ola ,
I am writing this because an international student is coming to my school .
I live in a big city , the capital of Spain , so there are different modes of transport .
There are trees with Spanish moss , old beautiful houses and churches , and many old squares in Savannah .
a ) Recently the number of traffic accidents has increased by a lot .
Because the son do n't like his father telling his experience which sound beyond belief even think that he is a lier .
We usually can not see shooting stars ( even stars ! ) in Tokyo because the air is polluted and the city is very bright .
Spain is a really attractive country because it has so many beautiful buildings , and above all , Spanish people are friendly .
Why I tried to get it ?
Because their governments have been supporting this , we must guarantee their borders .
In my opinion , these surveillance technologies should not be used to track people .
Also when we try to protest , they put the police in the street , with the order to arrest for no reason , with the utilization of excessive force .
If I do , I hope that you will comment on my problem and share your wisdom with me .
Yours faithfully ,
Jessyka stavros .
All the teachers all over the world will quit their job .
Children have already grown , and they become independent .
But when they reach in - between period , confused feelings cross their minds .
The reason I ca n't stand my family is because they don'thave any invision of life . I will be the second of six to graduate from high school .
I think it is like swimming in the clouds , like the second photo .
Firstly , I have to say that I am studying at University and I wonder if I could travel in July because of the exams I have in May. Also I would not be able to travel there until the end of June .
I feel that a short 3 to 4 years of tertiary studies is not enough to properly allow students to fully develop their creativity .
If they do n’t like it , they can go back to cross - talking and reading newspapers .
But , it is not easy because studying abroad is high cost .
At the same time , it will offer many European young people who are about to choose a college or university course a good chance of finding a job .
Also they would have an opprtunity being involved in volontier activity .
In my opinion , the young should work rather than wait for their pocket money .
And of course , next weekend there are Twiggies to go round and go to church . That 'll be good . I really need to go to church .
This is for 3 months .
But benefits after year off will be obvious .
“ The principle reason is fear of change in daily life , the loss of private property , loss of independence from the government , fear of the loss of constitutional rights and individual liberties , ” said Mr. Corao , who relocated permanently from Venezuela in 1996 and runs Venezuela al Dia , a thrice - monthly tabloid with offices in Doral , a Miami suburb where Venezuelans have settled .
With this garbage control system , household waste is collected on a weekly basis and transported to recycling centers .
Even if we are a small village , we take care of the environment through the use of photovoltaic systems on the roofs of many buildings , such as the nursery school and other buildings that have this system to produce energy .
Dear Customer ,
As I wrote in the last entry , I have been considering how to increase my opportunities to write English as much as possible .
In addition , I have some questions . I would like to know what sort of clothes we have to take with us and also how much money is necessary .
The first thing I would like to inform you of is that making the trip in August would be more convenient for me and for the company I work for ; in September I am usually very busy and have more responsibilities .
I have several queries ; Firstly , I would like to know where the school is , and how to reach it from the nearest underground station ?
Another very important benefit of learning a new language is that you can travel . You will understand people abroad and you will know how to communicate with them .
If I want to graduate from my university , I need to write two papers with numerical results .
I look forward to hearing from you and having my money back .
Yours Faithfully , Alexia .
N .
Peter thought that he must do something quickly to prevent her from committing suicide .
The police and the city servants have been catching them ,
I do n't n't know what we are going to do , but I know the time is coming very fast that we will have to do something .
It is his town and it is his duty too to save town 's history .
After ringing his neighbour to ask if he knew anything about the metal , he contacted the police .
Police reached Museum and caught robbers red handed .
The gov said go green .. The gov needs to realise it needs to practise its words .. The poor are the hardest hit in this .. It is also a fact that green items are more costly .
Hello Estela !
I hope you and your family are very well .
The principal reason I 'm writing to you at the moment is that I want my money back , because I felt so disappointed with the theatre and also with the play .
After the party , I went with Gabriel and Enrique to El Gavillan .
One of my friends at the university , Chris , let me stay at his house in LA for two days .
It was an arranged marriage .
I was able to think about a lot of things while I was swimming .
After the party , I went with Gabriel and Enrique to El Gavillan .
Montreal was beautiful .
But the view on the summit was fantastic and awesome .
During that day , there was a cliff that we were able to jump off .
The tall waterfall 's name is Ooko .
It was a classic .
In the morning , I hurried to get up , and ate sandwiches , which I had prepared last night .
At four in the morning , after opening the presents , everyone started to leave . It was a long day and a lot of fun , but it could have lasted a bit longer .
Later that night , we met up with my brother and his wife and we went to the west island to catch a movie .
In addition , you could visit the North of Spain since it is very beautiful with marvelous landscapes and beaches .
There are a lot of things I wish I could do .
Korean people were very kind and polite .
Learning another language is very useful these days , because of globalization and also cooperation between countries .
Nowadays , employers seek employees who are able to write and speak well in English .
As they grow up , children begin to copy their parents .
Although the average Japanese person who goes to university learns English for ten years , almost all of them can not speak or read English well .
Compared to adults , children can easily master a second language .
Everyone would agree that English has become a common language .
From these results , Americans tend to think that speaking another language is attractive compared with the Japanese .
My English is not so bad that native speakers can not understand what I mean , but it is still far from sounding natural .
it is hard for people to see eye to eye .
Because Japanese people learn English for academic uses , we have few resources to learn casual English .
Only by characters Chinese literature can send off its brilliance .
To understand the structure of a language , you must understand how natives think .
The first important reason is that we can communicate with people in the workplace effectively if we learn foreign languages .
On Friday night , I went to Peppermint Lounge with JM and EH , and met up with Beckham , my favourite bartender .
Its a famous and popular city for young pepole .
It 's a really interesting restaurant , because we serve vegan food .
In my opinion , the swimming pool is convenient because you can walk to swim if you live in town , but it is very expensive , particularly for young people .
I have expects to be more famous , better and biggest .
These are very cheap and people who do not have a car use them to go everywhere . However , this mode of transport is not so comfortable , because sometimes you have to travel with lots of people .
Modern technology has brought us many inventions which have made our daily lives much easier .
for example , a present or a gift especially if it from your best friend .
Five years ago I was a rich girl , and my parents took me to Japan in the winter .
It was my most favorite flower .
In addition to all these policies , filial piety and greater family support is also emphasized Children are encourage to take care of their parents when they are old as this will ease the funding of the government for the elderly . Instead the government could just focus on the needy elderly who have no children to look after them .
It is obvious that everyone , no matter if they are famous or not , deserves to have a private life .
Yes , growing up is tough , Yes you get made fun of if you are a different race than everyone else around you or if your parents are different than you .. get over it , that is life . You will always run into ignorant people no matter if your parents are the same race as you .. what ever happened to saying “ that is part of growing up ” .. its not always easy , some have it easier or harder than others , is that fair ?
Hence , everyone has the right to protect their privacy .
But the passion is not only when you are playing football , you can increase your passion by supporting a team in the good times and the bad times , going to the stadium , and when your team achieve glory , you can also feel that , and in those moments , you are the happiest person in the world .
It is natural for us talk everyday , but , we will not able to see such an ocassion like now because each person will go their own way .
Nowadays , most people think that famous people have such a good life ( with lots of money , comfortable houses etc ) that they have to stop complaining about the media 's treatment , because they have chosen to have this kind of life .
None of this is real .
Good morning !
How are you ?
Now stop .
Get back .
Get in the car .
Get in the car .
We will fly .
Let the games begin .
I must sleep .
Go find him .
Let us go !
Please ask me if you want the video .
Now , I can contact my house .
Let me allow to enter in to your cabin .
Forgive me , please .
Go find him .
Get boiled water .
Do not eat .
We eat rice .
Keep running !
Please , do n't repeat it ! ! !
I will rest .
Once upon a time was one little ant called Penny , he was really small in compared with the others .
John felt awful because he used to always say he wished that the dog would die so the barking would stop .
Lately , it has been so cold and suddenly today it started snowing
Hei I dint tell you where we sat na ... When we went to the concert , the tickets were sold out and so we did know what to do .
So ... When my relationship broke up , I started drinking more heavily .
Penny was too sad , the only thing that he can do is to wait and keep calm .
We think that they 'll eat it on theday and we pray when we do this .
I went , but then everyone wanted to go to Ashwin 's .
like he was rich , so the salespersons are not have a mind to him .
Like I said before , I think they just played a tape of this because no one was on stage when they played it .
It seemed that everybody left the office already . . .
Some people just watch TV the whole day long , and stay in their houses .
The widow would like to see the vice so she asked the hunter to go to the forest with him then when she come she think she would like to make the musical instrument like the vice from the brid so using a lot of thing to make it then she using the bamboo to make it .
And , to make the problem worse , Japanese libraries hesitate to use computers . . .
“ My husband went to the bird market with my two sons because they love birds a lot , but they have n’t come back yet and I ca n’t find any of them here , ” said one woman .
It chases them on their way to this helicoptor and it 's invisible and gets everyone but Arnold and this one girl .
The ants win the war and they expand their habitat to the studio .
She and Susilo will get married and live happily ever after ! !
In fact , I really enjoy it when I play soccer for many reasons .
Because it 's the most common sport in the world as well as because I 'm good at football , I play football with my friends every weekend and always play on Tuesday evening .
Nowadays , I play football twice a week , on Monday and Friday , because for me it has remained a hobby .
But after we leave work , we have to walk back to the train station .
I can just tell that the most frightening scenes will stay with me long after I 've completed the game .
The other reason why I like playing football is because it is a team sport .
Everytime I go home , I feel so relaxed and comfortable .
In addition to that , swimming requires me to use all of my muscles , which enables me to stay in good shape .
I really have wander lust .
I ish board .
I often fall asleep while watching Tv because it is very boring , so sometimes I play computer games instead .
I am prepared to work long hours and take shifts late in the evening since I live nearby .
I often go to a library near my house .
As soon as I went back home , I took a bath and fell asleep .
Also , football is a physical game .
There are many reasons why football is my favorite game .
Singapore 's constant upgrading of facilities such as having lifts that serve every floor of a building and replacing stairs with ramps , have facilitated the movement of the elderly .
For these two reasons , I believe that benefits are outweighted by the negative impact automobiles have had on the environment .
You can see Sadou like that , but there are some interesting factors behind such images .
Although , governments are likely to face economic stress initially , which means they have to invest more money in upgrading technology instead of other fields such as education , infrastructure and medical care , this strategy could affect inhabitants ' physical health and promote their standard of living .
Moreover , there is a requirement of research in these technologies , as there is the risk of exhaustion and harmful effects due to the excessive use of fossil fuels .
In view of the aging population problem , some people argued that we should not limit public and financial assistance to the elderly because of the increasing number of elderly in an aging population .
" Organic producers are required by the organic standards to provide living conditions and health care practices that help prevent illness and to promote the health of the animals , " Bushway added .
To stand up and say that the world market will take care of this , that the technological development and deregulation actually taking place will somehow solve the problems , is simply unchristian , and what is more , it is foolish .
Foreign languages are very important in this world now .
Since I study German , I have never read an English book .
I started to study another language when I was a child . I started learning English , because everyone said that English was the language of the future . When I finished school , I tried to study French but it was too difficult for me .
I started to study another language when I was a child . I started learning English , because everyone said that English was the language of the future . When I finished school , I tried to study French but it was too difficult for me .
There is no future for public transport because buses and trains are broken and dirty and people prefer to avoid them .
It can carry many people without problems .
Nowadays , there are many modes of public transportation , such as underground , buses , etc . , but it is a reality that people prefer to travel by car .
So , public transport is needed to avoid more problems in the atmosphere and save the planet .
hehehe . ) But it is not the only reason I 've wanted to let more people in the world know about the show .
The reason is quite simple : We could use neither Japanese nor English in Hangzhou .
I have a lot of problems using the right prepositions and I use strange combinations of words , which reveals that I am not a native speaker .
By contrast , native English speakers are good in using `` basic verbs `` , for example , get , take , have , and so on .
Is there any
The reason is that these
I miss tennis and soccer .
I was very excited about viewing this film .
My favorite team , other than Japanese , is the Korean team .
In India , 85 percent people follow cricket .
Then came the big takeover of Arcelor by Lakshmi Nivas Mittal and suddenly the whole world started seeing the same India and Indians in a new light .
Each person has a favourite sport and so do I. I really like soccer because it is exciting and I can learn many things when I play it .
There is this guy from IIMK in India , Preethesh , who writes good blogs .
As I talk with my Internet friends or while writing entries , I always make easy mistakes .
His stance , Style , shots , running between the wicket , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
Not only me but also every Indian always follow Sachin for cricket .
When he was 18 , he played first game for India .
He is the first player who played 200 test in cricket .
He has many achievement like first 200 in one day etc .
I like the way he acts and moves on stage .
Then he 'd compare the choices - first to win two gets to pick when they want to go . )
This sport causes fresh and jolly me and I think exercise will cause me to be healthy . If you start volleyball , you need a ball and a piece of ground that is separated by a net .
Our medal prospects lay in the hands of twenty people- Leander , Mahesh , Karnam Malleswari , the hockey team and Anju Bobby George .
It 's also a complete sport because people will improve their health and fitness .
Dear Diary ,
Once again , I am very happy to have such a good opportunity and I hope this letter tells you what you want to know about me .
We were looking forward to this event .
Though I can not send you any photos , I 'll try to send you as much information about the sculptures whenever possible .
And I wish your environment will be good soon .
But I ca n't buy them in the summer because strawberries are rarely sold in the store in the summer .
To answer your first question , I would like to travel in July if it 's possible , because I 'll be on holiday and because a friend would be able to come with me at that time of the year .
it is also a modern metropolitan city .
so many people went shopping on normal weekends because I always bought clothes when there were sales .
There are many restaurants specializing in dumplings there .
If you come here , you will like it .
Please , make sure you can come next weekend . We will be able to talk about the concert and we will listen together to Celine Dion 's last CD .
In conclusion , if you want to earn a bit of money , then you have to choose a proper part - time job .
I will find someone who knows the agency 's manager , and you will
Most of the work will probably be done by machines . People who lack academic qualifications might find it very hard to get a job . Knowledge might be in demand if people live in the future .
Another drawback is that , unless you are really motivated , it will be difficult for you to adapt to a new city .
I hope that you can consider my suggestions .
For me , playing basketball is a healthy form of exercise .
That 's because I think cooking is a common topic to discuss with friends .
Having a healthy lifestyle is one of the most important things for our health , because it reduces the chances of getting sick and it gives you the energy and concentration you need .
Because if you want to play football , you need a big group of friends who also want to play .
People start to play football on a regular pitch . After some time , they will be tired , but it is normal because their muscles are not strong enough for running around the pitch many times .
I think that it is necessary for job candidates to have recommendations .
Dear Sarah ,
I have read the letter and I was very surprised that I have won the first prize .
I would not really like to be a famous person , because you are not really yourself , and for me that is the most important thing .
I want to improve my English ability , but I have few chances to learn English because I always work hard .
Oh yeah , coz I do n't want to do Challenge 4 ... Write an outline of a training program to help computer users develop good ergonomic habits .
I am a suitable person for the job because I am used to working with children of all ages , but I prefer to play with kids between 8 and 12 years old . Also , I am always trying to improve different activities to avoid getting bored , and I do not mind working in other areas of the camp .
I will wait for your answer ,
The world we live in is a busy , noisy place .
The government plays a crucial role in taking care of the environment .
Organized shares , where everyone clean up the village .
They collect and segregate the rubbish into separate containers .
Better medical practice not only constitutes the most effective means of combating diseases , but also restricts further losses to our health .
Plastic containers and cardboard can be thrown in with regular trash , but it 's not required .
However , some people do not care about the environment . That means some people throw garbage away in the park .
In conclusion , in my opinion nuclear energy can be used to solve the problem of increasing energy demand in various industries , because it is safe to both human beings and the environment , and it is capable to provide relatively larger amounts of energy than other sources .
In front of his / her house , there were beautiful flowers in the garden and a basketball court . There is also a tennis court .
They organize monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in them .
If you visit there now , then again in say , 4 years , the place will have changed beyond recognition . It is how they keep their population employed , as they are not an industrialized country , but depend on the service sector .
Secondly , people who use public transport are safer than others who use private cars if they drink more than usual and drive their cars ; there are a lot of car accidents due to drivers being drunk .
At the bus stops , there are devices that advise people of the minutes that they have to wait until the arrival of the bus .
But the public transport is very similar to before .
Secondly , it is environmentally friendly .
If this perpetrator is arrested , he will learn a lesson .
Despite the fact that using cars is expensive , many people still prefer to use their own vehicles because it saves their valuable time .
We should go outside willingly and enjoy communicating with people around us .
At least I know I wo n't get wrong .. parked my car at the Kelana Jaya station .. took the lRT .. gosh , I was soo tired that I slept on the train .
Secondly , although the log cabins appeal to me , I would prefer a tent because I think it is more comfortable and attractive .
However , these solutions must not be implemented at the expense of passengers and especially not at the expense of the workers providing airport services , because they too have a right to a quality of life .
In my point of view , I agree that surveillance technology should not be used to track people to a large extent .
Thus in the next few paragraphs , I will explain in depth the various research and government policies being developed to help ease the aging process .
First , accidents by humans have resulted in serious consequences for nature .
During the day , you can enjoy the brilliant views of the Baltic sea and the city 's breathtaking architecture .
When I was young , I often went to the nearby bathhouse with my friends .
Once the accident happens , the related safety components of the reactor would not work .
Firstly , it is very good for the environment because it reduces a lot of carbon dioxide gas which , if everybody took their car instead of taking public transport , would pollute the atmosphere .
Moreover , there is a requirement of research in these technologies , as there is the risk of exhaustion and harmful effects due to the excessive use of fossil fuels .
The fight against terrorism is important , but it must not be used to justify a weakening of law and order in society .
In any event , Mr President , unless these three serious obstacles to growth are removed , major work will not stimulate growth and , even worse , will put us in debt for no good reason .
In my own particular way , I can relate to the kind of inner conflicts that growing up in a strongly religious background in the South can create .
She told her father that she wanted to finish school , but he refused to allow this and said she must return to her new home .
Moreover , she has a clear European / British accent and is uncomfortably independent of the good doctor .
We can easily arrive at the conclusion that the Internet will not alienate human society .
At this rate , the country is going to lose a large pool of talented people since those who migrate overseas are usually more affluent and better educated .
It seems like a fun and useful project .
We have no opportunity to discuss the proposal , let alone to propose amendments .
While the government focuses its expenditure on improving healthcare products and treatments , it is also important that the elderly maintain a healthy lifestyle .
With all that has been said , the advantages of the usage of RFID clearly outweigh the drawbacks of the technology .
Therefore , my amendment does not call for new regulations .
Banning cars from the centre of the city solves all these problems .
Current emissions of carbon dioxide from automobiles and industries are furiously contributing to global warming .
For years , some scientists caution against the constantly rising atmospheric amount of carbon dioxide .
The longer we burry our heads in sand , the warmer the Earth will be .
While I look for it , I need to improve my English skills so I can speak like native speakers do .
However , I ca n't believe that it is a true story .
Nevertheless , having a car in a big city is quite expensive nowadays , not only because the price of petrol is continuously rising , but also because you have to pay high taxes for the car .
For me , people have become very lazy and they prefer the car rather than public transport , because you can take the car when you want and go where you want without spending hours waiting for the bus .
But what about homosexuals ?
We might think that there is no future for public transport , because most people use their own car .
The pool , a backdrop to Katarina Witt 's famous Playboy shoot , is nestled in cliffs beside an ocean so blue it looks digitally enhanced .
Brandon Mackie
Parliament House
Cambera ACT 25089
The 31st of March
Chief Executive Officer
Carlos Alberto Marrero Zaragoza
Dear Jennifer
We do know that the incident might have caused some inconveniences , but the most important thing is that none of our guests or staff were injured .
The reason I am writing to you is the poor quality of a food processor which I bought in your store two weeks ago .
We thought we 'd save some time if I went to the atm while will got the check ... but alas it was not meant to be .
I can not fix broken links on external sites , so before you report them , make sure they are actually inside the NiS archive .
We hope you accept this change .
Yours Sincerely ,
Brandon Mackie
My name is Hsu , and my English name is Victor .
I think I would be suitable for this job , because I am young , energetic , enthusiastic and have always enjoyed working with children .
We have been raised basically to take care of ourselves since my mom is the only parent and is either working or partying with her young female friends .
I 'm not a really athletic person , but sometimes I enjoy playing volleyball or running .
Each year alone , I organise hundreds of meetings with young people , farmers and businessmen .
It 's the hardest sport I have ever played .
I also like to bake cookies and sometimes , my mom asks me to take care of dinner .
You can eat small pieces of different dishes and have dinner or lunch inexpensively .
I like cooking meals , but I hate washing the dishes .
To begin with , I would like to tell you that I am really interested in the course because I think it would provide me with some professional advantages in my career as a school teacher .
Nowadays , the issue of nuclear power is being discussed frequently .
There are many sources and creators , as well as themes .
On the other hand , big business has been able to suppress wages as a result of having a pool of workers who are not in a position to refuse even the most onerous working conditions .
Luckily the most expensive art still being the old , like Picasso or Freud .
In today ’s market , modern works have been bringing exceptionally high prices , and an Impressionist canvas of this rarity has not come up at auction for nearly 20 years .
Experimental Art has taken the world of art by surprise .
Moreover , because of the unawareness of humans , our damaged environment is really pushing us to the verge of extinction .
Amidst all these uncertainties and unknown factors , however , we believe one thing is certain : in a changing world , the worst mistake is to stand still .
In conclusion , we can see that the use of RFID technology does bring important advantages to our society .
for buddism event , It will be held from Sept , 1 to Sept 3 in Yatuo town which is near her house .
At the summit , it was a little cold and windy .
I got there and drove him to the train station .
Yesterday was really fun :) I woke up at 5.30am and got ready to leave the house at 7 am .
The next day , we all watched the opening ceremony of the Olympics before heading to lunch together .
When my teacher entered the classroom , we sang a Teachers ' Day song for her .
On Saturday night , the concert began .
All the runners were able to receive pasta at 4 p . m .
When I was in the shop , I thought I was following my father .
The staff was surprised and gently told me the right place I should go .
It is because that he had a visitor the other day .
The moment the race was about to start , I got a little nervous .
When I sang in front of my friends , Zac and Brandon told me that I did well and did my best .
so I feel very comfortable with the connection .
My only regret was , I only hit half of the targets .
In my opinion , it is a difficult process to overcome myself , but I must insist on doing my best , no matter how difficult it is .
Well , today is the day that I play my first soccer game of the year .
My house which got number two temporarily .
I am really hoping that Diane wins HoH tonight .
The day before the program started , I took a ride with my father to Mount Vernon Middle School where the program was to be held .
That feeling worried me ; I was afraid I was not eating enough .
We had a second on the last day , and because we were consistent , ended up third in our class .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the race .
I was unhappy because of my monthly test .
My team came in third place .
I hope he will lose the game in May because I want him to keep competing in exciting fights .
Public transport is so necessary in big cities that the car industry is continuously developing new means of transport .
I do not object to that amendment , but I do not think it is really necessary .
For the sake of the environment and for the sake of our quality of life , we need to reduce the noise emitted by aeroplanes , especially as air traffic is increasing and the situation is getting worse year on year .
yeah I think this statement is quite right because every person have a car nowadays .
yeah I think this statement is quite right because every person have a car nowadays .
In conclusion , I believe that public transport will eventually lose its dominance due to the fact that all people want to be independent and travel on their own .
Despite the systems and policies being imperfect , it has definitely brought about benefits to both the aged and general public as a whole .
To be frank , mobile phones have brought a lot of convenience to individuals ' daily lives , but the negative effect can not be ignored .
In conclusion , public transport is a cost - effective way for people to travel which also contributes to the sustainable development of society .
The standard of living has improved for those who have money in Bangladesh , which means more people have the means to buy cars and hire drivers , and unfortunately , this results in a suffocating gridlock of traffic at all hours of the day .
Studies can show that people do want to tackle large - scale and cross - border issues in order to protect man and the environment more effectively , while they want minimal interference in national , regional and local democracy .
Increasing awareness on healthcare has allowed the elderly to remain productive in the workforce which in turn benefits the country as a whole .
NGOs are normally happy with it , and it means , amongst other things , that NGOs from countries where governments do not approve large budgets also have an opportunity to work in developing countries .
Nowadays , when we look around the world , we can see how it is more common and easier for industry and business to relocate outside areas with high social costs and high taxation .
We have to try to limit these harmful effects on the environment while maintaining the principle of competitiveness within the growing cheap airline market , as these airlines have become incredibly popular in Europe .
With the advancement in technology , humans can now experience the joy of swimming long hours inside deep waters or even step on the far away moon .
Through the development of tourism were born cruises and train vacations .
This story is about a woman who lost her husband with letters left behind for her .
Because these big bathhouses have been established , there sometimes are less than 10 bathers a day in small ones and there is no one to clean the bathtubs which are hard to clean . Because of this , some mangers decided to close their business .
When see visited her sick grandmother , she has eaten by a bad wolf and Little Red Riding Hood was eaten by it as well , but they were rescued by a hunter .
Then her corpse was used in hospital lab and 2 men who gave her body to the lab was mystical killed .
Her sons have a problem which means that they ca n't look at natural light , and one day , Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying . So she went to their bedroom and the curtains were not there . So she went to the other room and the curtains also were not there . So she starts getting more and more nervous . She goes and talks to the servants , and she gets very angry and she tells them to get out of her house and they do not care so she picks up a gun and the old lady returns her keys .
The 3 daughters where so different each other .
Everyone says she is perfect for the job because she is very good with children and she has a perfect personality .
She is of the ones that trend to make something enforcing .
The second daughter names Elizabeth is a leopard is the intelligent of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
Jessica was 21 years old .
They asked the cashier to show them money , because they are collecting unique money .
The last daughter was Ana who was the youngest of the family is a jaguar .
He has been lying in bed all day since then .
She was poor with housework at one time because her mothertook care of her so much .
The main reason why Japanese students fall asleep in the class and American students do n't is thatmany Japanese teachers give a lecture . On the other hand , American high school classes are set so that students do as many activities as possible .
It is gone .
Hello , Tom !
He is my good friend , and that is why I looked for a suitable and inexpensive hotel for him .
When I came home from Okayama , I was with a lot of junior high school students , who seemed to be on their way back from traveling , on an express train .
One more reason is that I do not want to miss the chance to stay in a log cabin , which I have been dreaming of for a long time .
On the 1st floor , we will have a living room and a kitchen with a small bar and a dining table .
In spite of the fact that the weather should be warm in summer , you should bring with you not only light clothes , but also a jacket for rainy days .
Write back soon
Alessia
After all these complaints , I am sure that you will understand why I would like to have my money back and that I was disappointed last night .
So I decided to change my behavior .
For these reasons , I really think we should reject the proposal .
Having a healthy lifestyle is one of the most important things for our health , because it reduces the chances of getting sick and it gives you the energy and concentration you need .
Tell your views about this and if you have some suggestions , kindly publish them here so that they can also be submitted to the government .
Love , Judi '
I am 16 years of age and , due to having a sister , I really like working with children and also know their interests well . I have enjoyed and practised swimming since I was eight years old and I have also won some competitions , so I believe that I am suitable for the job .
The CEO seems to want me to work as a mechanical engineer even though I want the position of industrial designer .
The same goes for an accident victim - you give a transfusion and antibiotics to stabilize but , if there 's no food for the patient to eat and gain strength , how is he going to heal from his injuries and keep getting better ?
I attended my friend 's banquet on October 3rd , which was also my 20th birthday .
As a result , I failed an exam .
This morning , I woke up and noticed that I was going to be late for school .
A couple of days later , I started studying English quite hard , every time I finished the classes , I went to the library to study ; in addition to homework , I studied the grammar books which I had brought from Japan for a rainy day .
I was not confident I could learn the symbols and I am not sure about studying pronunciation , but after the lesson , I studied a little bit myself and I could hear English sounds more clearly .
When the concert was finished , I was exhausted but happy .
I always said that I passed that test and I was sure of that .
And honestly , the converse is true .
Finally , I passed the exam .
Hello , Ellen !
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon , and I would be very grateful for your help .
Congratulations Kelly and Daniel !
However , having been to both Little League games and churches where money is collected in the same way , I ’m quite comfortable with not giving .
This is really my favourite sport .
When I was a child , a teacher informed my parents that I was autistic .
After work , I went to the gym and joined a boxing training course .
She said it was a lot of fun and she enjoyed it .
My mom woke me up at 7:06 a.m. in a hurry , but I decided to keep sleeping and let my alarm wake me up .
In addition , before working , I learned about horses and how to ride them for about a year .
Nate , one of the characters in ' Gossip girl , ' said , `` Growing up , I never knew what I was supposed to be . . . ``
The first dream I can remember was when I was 5 years old .
I liked the snow while I was in Japan because I enjoyed snowboarding every season .
Since I started to work , I had no chance to go skiing .
That 's the reason why I recommend snowboarding .
In my opinion , the swimming pool is convenient because you can walk to swim if you live in town , but it is very expensive , particularly for young people .
I am not a bird .
It is the most beautiful place I have ever seen in Moscow .
Whenever I pick a flower , I think about how rare and beautiful you are .
All my friends know me , and how much I say I want the perfect relationship .
One big reason why I hate summer is because of the heat .
For those people who want to combine fun and health , a good solution could be running , which is a free , competitive and complete sport .
Because it is just an inland flat town and you can not see the sea or the mountains .
This weekend has been both tiring and relaxing , but very fun .
This morning , I woke up and noticed that I was going to be late for school .
He called his parents on the way home .
He started walking very quickly
It is quiet outside .
She open her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black sky .
There is cloudless sky .
The man got up to get it .
Because it reminds me of my childhood . I used to go with my friends to a camp , which was situated by the seaside .
She started to take consciousness although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
Without automobiles , I would have to wait for the bus and train and then have to walk 20 minutes to my university .
finally , she woke up again but this time , she woke up to find herself in her real own bedroom and in her own house and realized that it was just a nightmare .
She fell sleep again , didn't she ?
So what , if she brought bored housewives many ways to pass their days ?
If he could n’t explain where he was or how he got there , how would Nap know ?
As I went on my way , I decided that since I got an hour and 45 minutes worth of sleep and had nothing to eat or drink , that I should probably get something .
She started to walk to clear her mind .
I should pay attention to it more than others , because in the area I live now , it is kind of a dangerous place .
New technology is changing the face of computers .
Egypt has a lot of historical places , such as the pyramids , and is the one of the empirical in the world and a lot of people from around the world come to see these pyramids . the wold think about how the Egyptian people made these buildings maybe a thousand years and they still stand without change and a lot of tourists come to take photos in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptians made them without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machines . A lot of scientific teams come from all over the world to study these buildings and conduct Egyptian science in a lot of universities around the world , to study how the air goes inside these buildings and how it keeps the food inside it and how these big stones were taken from distant places and brought to this place and how this building kept the bodies of people after they had died and how these people live inside the buildings and why these buildings are like this and what the benefit of these buildings is and how to make kike this building .
I mean what they are saying is nothing really unique or not recent knowledge .. and do we really need to study such things ?
In conclusion , if faced with the question of entering a small or large university , I would decide to enter a small university for the above reasons .
There are two main reasons that account for my argument .
To conclude , a car is one of the most effective transportation means in the world due to its convenience and availability of transportation .
It can travel thousand of miles in a couple of hours .
Using this method , you can save a huge amount of time .
Therefore the bottom line is safety only can be slightly enhanced by an improved design and itt depends more on the self discipline of the gamers .
Travelling by car is preferred by some people because of its convenience and advantages .
Second , safety is another important factor .
Other people prefer to travel by train as it 's faster and more comfortable than cars .
In answer to the questions you raised in today ’s editorial , my response would be that the solution requires a combination of steps .
Another reason for my choice for nursing is that it is easy to find a job .
A good percentage of people think that everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college .
Global responsibility has progressed a great deal when leading businessmen say that to eliminate poverty , people have to go beyond their normal way of thinking , extend the benefits of globalisation to the poorest regions and create global leadership to combat climate change .
I woke up early because of summer school , and had another extremely boring day .
At noon , I went shopping with my mother and brother .
This school is located in Marin , which is in northern Spain near Pontevedra .
There are a lot of people who dislike the military .
Last weekend I stayed home , listened to music , and read some english books , but the time went very fast . I did nothing , and before long the weekend was over .
We went to the temple , came home and then went to a nice restaurant .
I had a pretty good time spending time with my family , friends , and schoolmates .
Also . . . is it `` legal `` to write , say , website reviews in THESE spaces , or would it be considered spam ?
they admire the European life style so they learn English . when I first read this I agreed deeply with the author but after that I kept thinking about it . why English ? if people like European life they still have many other choices right ? I think it 's because English is an worldwide offical language that 's why people learn it most .
And yes , then we can get into a shock .. our inner being can be very different from our outer shell .
In fact , there are more and more people who do not have to rely on government help .
If you ca n't do that , the members will feel regretful for having said , `` Sure . `` They will wish they were not members and think it is a waste of time .
We might think that there is no future for public transport , because most people use their own car .
To give examples : if we are healthy we buy clothes and Records , we enjoy ourselves ; if we are sick , or our relatives are , we buy medicines and we do not enjoy ourselves because it is an obligation .
It can be proved now that the willingness of people to use public transportation is higher . Besides , it is not as costly as using a car , and the quality of public transportation has improved , so citizens have no worries about using it .
Hello , Ellen !
Thank you for your prompt replies .
My name is Misa and I am 25 years old .
Most people need to go to the gym regularly to stay in shape .
I look forward to seeing you when you arrive here .
I strive to treat my fellow humans with as much love and respect as I can because I know it ensures the future of our species and not because some great being tells me to do so .
For that reason , I have taken part in various initiatives that seek to promote and ensure full respect for multilingualism .
Firstly , in school it is not permitted to smoke in the no - smoking area or in the classroom .
increasing the number of tries and plants and punish the person who cuts them .
establishing the factories outside of the village .
protect the water sources and the sea .
Very good coverage of mental health issues in this country and the problem with people not seeking help .
Oh ~ I do n't know why ! ! Maybe I should get a foreigner to be my boy friend ! Yu said , `` We may be bored all the time in college , but if I find a boyfriend who is a foreigner , then everything would be changed . `` I agree with her ! Maybe we would go to parties many times a year , join real Christmas parties and Thanksgiving dinners and so on . They would be wonderful Okay , what I should be doing is studying my English ! I need to stop day - dreaming . But I seem to daydream too often !
For example , if you play basketball and the ball is passed regularly , then your team is more likely to win because passes cause confusion and exhaustion for the opposing team .
The reasons I love traveling are to meet lots of people from different cultures and ways of thinking , and I can also practice English conversation .
My stories were that ; when I was younger , I was a tomboy and most of my friends were boys .
I would like to play tennis and go swimming . I choose tennis because it is a sport that you can play with other people , also because I like competitive sports .
I do know wy , but I think I shall never plait my hair again as my classmates are always teasing me .. haha well oday is fun .
I end my classes at 9 : 10 pm and after finishing preparing everything at the dorm , I feel tired and sleepy .
Now that I wake up early , I am usually very tired by 10 or 11 pm .
I often fall asleep while watching Tv because it is very boring , so sometimes I play computer games instead .
First , I have to admit that I hate all kinds of sports , because I know I 'm not good at them .
When I go shopping , I can reduce my stress .
when I waked up the morning , the window was opened .
When I came across an article about the Presidential race ,
It was about her upcoming marriage .
This competition is an art competition .
He did get pay from his company , but , it is because he thinks that his company is famous .
Before the game was developed , the company did a lot of research into the area , so they could make the game accurate and give people a " real sense of farming " .
So I began to write in my diary .
The beginning was great ( everyone was laughing , which is great because it IS a comedy ) but the ending needed work .
When he arrived , the receptionist told him to go to his boss 's office .
He rushed out of the pub , opened the car door and got inside , not knowing that he was to die in an accident because of his current state .
The reason why people watch such movies and TV programs is just for fun .
There are a lot of methods of constructing tunnels .
In my opinion , TV is useful because we can learn many interesting things and also reduce stress by watching TV .
People like to watch movies , because it 's a fun pastime and it replaces books for lazy people .
The development of rail transport is vital to solving the problems of traffic congestion .
Due to some kinds of research , people pointed out that maybe nuclear power is a good solution .
Despite the fact that using cars is expensive , many people still prefer to use their own vehicles because it saves their valuable time .
Secondly , travelling on public transport makes it much easier to travel in rush hours or in those periods in which you should not take your car .
In my opinion , fewer people are travelling by public transport and have started to buy their own cars , which are more comfortable to use whether you are in a hurry or not .
Therefore , if you want to save money , it is wise not to own private cars , but to use public transportation instead .
In conclusion , this kind of transport will have to improve if the companies in charge want citizens to use their buses , trains and other public vehicles in the future .
Lulu is a computer freak .
Her skin is colored red and green , red dots ontop of the green to be more precise .
When I go to school , I listen to music every time .
But fortunately , he has a nice neighbor , Ivy .
His skin is deep olive , and his hair is long and black .
My dear !
However , I think this semester could be very difficult for me because I took a diagnostic test yesterday and felt very frustrated .
The reason why I say so is because , a couple months ago , I saw a Japanese recruiting agency 's website about Thailand .
So I was afraid of losing the key .
As a result , I could be very helpful with organising sports and activities , but I could also provide assistance in other places , including the kitchen .
Right after camp ended , my mom took me on a shopping trip in downtown Seattle .
By the time the event was due to take place , I had to take over the band 's equipment .
For all the controversy surrounding Julia , there seemed to be plenty of examples of boys and girls around her age dancing in the carnival parade .
I enjoyed every aspect of the experience : the people , the music , the atmosphere , ... When I first arrived at that building , I could not find the entrance .
The first thing I would like to inform you of is that making the trip in August would be more convenient for me and for the company I work for ; in September I am usually very busy and have more responsibilities .
Anyway , it 's really practical and effective !
I hope I will hear from you soon .
Margaret
It 's an interactive site .
Basically , women can get discounts or benefits at restaurants , stores , amusement parks , etc . . .
With the development of mass media , television and internet advertising has become the strongest form of communication .
Maybe some people think commercials are a bad thing , because they interrupt people 's favorite TV programs .
On the other hand , I think the vast majority of players understand that what is acceptable in the game world may be unacceptable in the real world .
So , it 's difficult to sell such products to customers because it 's too hot outside .
The promotional campaign that has successfully received a lot of attention is that shops buy used things with a certain price .
And this importance of private transport is because private transportation provides a comfortable way to move from one place to another . Also , it helps to save time and reduce costs spent in public transportation .
First , there are often a lot of people in bigger shops .
Unlike 1995 , people now have a choice and , overwhelmingly , when offered a choice , they choose Apple and iOS for the reasons outlined in the article ... ease of use , consistency , reliability and quality .
To sum up , the Internet is the most important advance in the world , but there are a lot disadvantages and advantages .
Spring vacation is my favorite because it is the longest term vacation .
All of the places I have visited I have loved , so why should Washington be any different ?
Nowadays , there are a lot of products which have plastic or they are wrapped in plastic , so it would be difficult to live a whole month without it .
We have to admit that an orderly layout can make a city feel more confortable , and sometimes it can bring more convenience to one 's daily life .
Whenever I want to relax , I can easily go to the beach and enjoy the beautiful scenery and delicious food .
The biggest problem will be that your friends and family will think you are in need of psychiatric attention because you eat weird and live a little differently , and because you might also not invest in things like television sets because you discover exercise and the outdoors are much more invigorating and healthful .
Saving time in the mornings allows you to sleep more or to spend more time with your family .
However , I like winter because we can enjoy skiing and snowboarding .
The blueness of the sky creates a beautiful contrast against red autumn leaves .
NO ONE COMES AND CORRECTS MY ENGLISH .
To begin with , I would like to tell you that I am really interested in the course because I think it would provide me with some professional advantages in my career as a school teacher .
I am technically still a graduate student at Harvard , though I just began a year 's leave of absence so that I can solely concentrate on my family .
During my apprenticeship , I was in charge of organising several activities , so I think I could do well at organising sports and activities .
The English language is a foreign language for me , but I have studied it for ten years and hopefully I will manage to pass the exam .
I am not the kind of person who would want to be a professional housewife ; however , I feel happy every time I make the house clean and tidy .
I look forward to hearing from you soon and I hope that you 'll find this experience as amazing as I did .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresa Wysocki
This weekend has been both tiring and relaxing , but very fun .
He finally , after 5 years , won swimming competition .
I have been swimming for 10 years and I have played tennis since I was 9 years old and I like those activities best .
When he entered the club , he was crying and very nervous .
Also , Santa showed up to the Mandarin . There was a party of like 150 people in one room , most of them kids with their parents .
Also , it was my friend Sarah 's birthday , so I invited her and Colin to go with us .
I feel happy because of it .
I am dreaming about seeing it in real life .
Even if they were poor , she would want to be with him .
But he could n't avoid it .
I feel bad for not really giving Igor a reason for breaking up with him .
So I had waited for him almost for two hours .
So she is late for school everyday .
He added that was why he had come to the party .
When Mel came she looked gorgeous .
While I was waiting for him , my heartbeat was going faster and faster .
In fact , time is running out .
She told Pat about what had happened in her family .
Bill Gates : " Ah , in that case ... " Finally , Jack goes to see the president of the World Bank .
He shut himself down after Jan.
In one scene , I could n't hear the dialogue cuz it was too quiet and I did n't understand what the scene was about . (
Then he hugged me tightly and made a kissing gesture .
She cried when she opened it , hugged me , and told me she loved me .
So he 's made Kristy cry twice because of happiness .... and why would that be a bad thing ?
He sure as hell was n't taking me to Miami !
I had never expected him to do this thing .
I told him that I thought it was good , though he would have to be on medication for the rest of his life .
However , she had to go play in the water , so I let her go .
On Monday , I went to the doctor and was crushed when he told me that the test was negative .
It just feels like something is going to happen today , something bad .
And he was absolutely right about both of them .
One of his girls , Julie , is pregnant .
Emily knew she would have to come to a decision soon .
Now my life will be different .
I could n't believe myself and my brother , Tommy , cried when he went home .
Katie is still really angry with me , and I completely understand why .
“ And he does n’t care .
Now she understands that she is truly loved by us and knows that the way she behaved was quite ridiculous and childish .
Gliding in the waves
The main reason why I like playing tennis is because I can control the amount of exercise that I can do .
Living through this weather leaves me feeling quite grounded in reality , and connected to the natural world around me .
But I guess for insurance purposes ... I kept working anyway , although it was hard to serve ice creams because I was trying not to bend my hand .
I have been studying English for more than a year . Of course , my English has improved compared to when I was in Japan .
You may feel that it is easier to give up than to try to stay afloat or prevent yourself from going under .
Finally , it is a good way of travelling because it is safer than travelling in a car or on a motorbike and also because you are much more relaxed than in a car and it saves time , too .
Life is a bore , and so is this , and if you actually read this whole thing , I suggest that you do something useful with your time .
Three things , if practiced sincerely , will bring you happiness : giving , discipline , and patience .
·Introduction
With some difficulty , we have put together a system which will offer security and choice to our citizens .
·Activities to kill time
The demand for air transport is rising almost daily because of cheap fares . The desire of people to travel abroad on holiday and on business or even to be able to take a few days ' break at the drop of a hat has added to this pressure .
These are the main places where young people usually go .
Therefore , I strongly prefer entertaining movies over thinkable movies .
·Others ideas to have fun
The student newspaper has run a few bar codes , including one for a movie trailer , and Ms. Dietz thinks that interest could increase if links were offered to more campus events , like the coming Springfest where various bands will play .
Naturally , we are adopting initiatives to achieve all of this , and some have already been adopted in the field of immigration .
Recommendation
I took it one step further , suggesting that this would be a great way to generate a scene in an improv show .
And if that was not enough , there is always an NBA restaurant and a hard rock cafe inside ! !
Hi Jo !
How are you ? "
I ` m glad to hear from you , and I ` m also glad that you ` ve just returned from a trip to Scotland .
I am writing to inform you about the differences between your advertisement and the real show .
It 's because we had arranged to pick me up at the airport .
Although there are always crowds of people , everything is very well organized and the flights are breathtaking .
Therefore , if you want to save money , it is wise not to own private cars , but to use public transportation instead .
The bus stops at the Salou bus station .
If you want to enter the station , you have to go down into the underpass .
There is a river near my house .
You can park your car beside the hotel .
After lunch , I will give you the receipt so that you can control it .
The address I was suppose to go to was in the 700 + block of West Jackson Boulevard .
I am interested in working with you .
I 'd like to watch movies and learn everyday phrases .
I look forward to hearing from you soon and I hope that you 'll find this experience as amazing as I did .
Best Regards
Joseph
Dear Sergio García A ,
My name is Fabio Rendón and I am from Spain .
My name is Andreas Costa Souza . I am a student of Digital Media at Technologic of Monterrey .
The reason why I would like to take part in this internship , through the AISEC organization , is that I want to work in a foreign country .
In addition , I believe my particular Japanese features , such as attention to detail and a solid work ethic , would make me an asset to your shop .
It is very different from the normal technologies we have , which resulted from developments aiming to solve specific questions .
According to the Shanghai Stock Exchange , the board of directors of Neusoft has been committed to building up and improving the corporate governance structure continuously , and has successfully improved its board of directors by introducing board members with international backgrounds and expertise , enabling effective decision - making and sustainable global operations and growth of the company .
In a savvy move , the visionary who inaugurated the program more than 30 years ago , José Antonio Abreu , placed it under the supervision of the social services ministry , as a way to foster citizenship and cooperation , rather than under the cultural ministry , since the arts are so prone to manipulation by shifting political regimes .
Mr. Gammage , I appreciate your efforts and your concerns .
It would be a great pleasure for me to be part of Think Education , an innovative higher education institution that offers high - quality learning .
I would be extremely grateful for a response from the Presidency to these questions .
Without further ado , I remain yours .
Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez
Of course , I think it is important to study school subjects , but I also think that knowing how to live is very important , because there are many people who can not live by themselves .
Many feel influential government jobs should be reserved for those who are older and have more experience , while others feel the criterion for these positions should be capability , namely whomever is most able to carry out the job .
Most people usually go shopping for something which is affordable , and many times they find , for example , a dress they like a lot but they can not buy it because it is terribly expensive .
Different languages are part of cultural diversity , and understanding other languages is a particularly effective way of tapping into the riches of our cultural heritage .
More and more people are dependent on aviation in their everyday lives , but it is also important for industry .
A clear example is that watching television in another language is of vital importance if you aim to learn new vocabulary or improve your comprehension skills , and it makes studying a language really fun and enjoyable .
COMMUNICATION THROUGH THE INTERNET
Julio Camarillo
Montano avenue nº2
Post Code 10237 Cáceres
March 21st , 2007
Dear Madam :
I am writing this letter because I have had a very disappointing evening .
To begin with , I think the mobile phone is very useful because I can make a phone call wherever I am , without looking for a telephone box .
I bought a webcam from a Hong Kong web shop famous for cheap prices .
Hagenuk CH9771 was the first mobile phone with its antenna inside the phone .
I have to leave early tomorrow , because my work is very busy this week .
If I did not write , I would not be alive right now .
We would like to keep them in our international relations department and distribute some to other interested persons .
( B - 2 ) They must receive this document tomorrow , so you 'll have to mail it tonight .
I hope honourable members will forgive me if I do not remain in the Chamber for the duration of this morning ’s debate , as I need to return urgently to London .
If you look at our website , you will find a form which can be sent directly by e - mail .
As soon as I know that you are back in Hong Kong , I will send you a few things .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarillo
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad effects and good effects from the users'opinions in the Active Leisure Club in the last time .
Education plays a crucial role in society and its future and by improving the standard of the education system , students can learn more effectively throughout their entire educational life and their career , but also their skills will be improved by this process .
These are very cheap and people who do not have a car use them to go everywhere . However , this mode of transport is not so comfortable , because sometimes you have to travel with lots of people .
But there is one annoying thing .
from february to may , I must do my best to improve my english , and so , I make a plan as follow :
This diagram is used to illustrate the process of making bank notes , covering seven main stages .
The second step is to gather the related information .
To begin with is design , we have to consider background colour , artwork , and security issues , and then we are supposed to prepare metal plates , using skilled machinists .
After designing them , metal plates are prepared with the help of experienced machinists .
The most important step is inspection : printed sheets are manually inspected .
Thirdly , sheets of bank notes will be printed with colour on both sides , usually 50 bank notes per sheet .
50 notes per sheet are set with special ink , producing images with colors on both sides at a slow speed .
The most important step is inspection : printed sheets are manually inspected .
The most significant procedure is called inspection , which means manual checking by special machines and staff , and then they are classified into 3 different categories , including good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets , and bad sheets .
Authorities make sure that rubbish bins are placed at short distances apart since this is the most common reason why people throw litter on the ground .
Most importantly , before distribution , printed sheets with 50 bank notes per sheet have to be checked to see whether they are of perfect quality or not .
This diagram is used to illustrate the process of making bank notes , covering seven main stages .
Despite shopping being boring , I think that it is necessary because it is important for people to have several items of clothing and also suitable clothes for a very important meeting or appointment .
EVENTUALLY THE ROBBER WAS CAUGHT BY THE POLICE , AND FOR HIS BRAVERY AND HONESTY HE HAD A LOT OF FRIENDS .
Begin
At first , detectives were baffled but , Superintendent Möller said , after talking to the shop ’s staff , it all became clear .
She thought that she would do better emotionally and be happier if she answered to a Master .
A concerned population
Though the government has encouraged children to fulfill filial obligations by taking care of their parents , with their own family to take care of , children of these elderly parents would not be able to bare the financial burden .
Easy recycling
Because of the reasons stated above , people want to invent a kind of vehicle which can use cleaner and cheaper energy instead of gas .
Results
Many people want to come to Europe to see our cultural heritage and this , I believe , is an important part of our economy and also our links with the rest of the world .
On the other hand , people make other inventions to improve the world and reduce pollution . For example , at this time we have created electric cars and organic food . These things will be very useful in the future , because we will need to reduce pollution .
Otherwise everybody wants a better future .
Hello Harry ,
The most concerned thing is that a new member , a SAP programming expert , would be joining us for the new project .
Finally , we are starting to make more progress arranging meetings with potential clients .
As an intern in a biological laboratory , I have been trained to quickly learn new fields , think through problems in an analytical manner and maintain flexibility within a demanding schedule .
In the information and communications sector , we have succeeded in creating a good number of commercial applications .
That alone will not reduce the numbers of people travelling - as a lot of people think it might - but in my opinion , it will further enhance competition and benefit the travelling public .
Is it possible for international students to join the club ?
By 9:30 a.m. , you ’ll find more space but the schedule also starts to drop off , so you might have to wait longer for your train .
So I want my money back for these two tickets - I have included a copy of them - and I hope you will pay more attention to the way you treat your customers , and avoid false advertising .
If you need any other details , let me know so that I can send them to you as soon as possible .
Íñigo Ojeda .
Dear friends ,
Hey , What 's going on ?
If anyone read that letter that I wrote to Menwa , you would see me expressing myself .
Personally , I have seen it twice , and I feel that it is truly an emotional roller coaster of a ride .
But since being here I have not been as confident as before , because I got a lot of problems here , and I was afraid of asking my colleagues , they have never said anything nice to me .
I will go to China on a business trip for one month ; therefore , I prepared some stuff like food and clothes and did some things that I wanted to do before leaving Taiwan .
I assume that the tourist agency can think of better solutions than me , but I hope that my recommendations will be taken seriously .
It was a very hard job , but I enjoyed doing that .
In short , I would really like you to think about peace again and think about how we can maintain a peaceful world .
Love
Dominika
Report :
I by no means agree with what Mr. Wright said , but as one of the other posters said previously , if you see the full version of the clip , it is really no different than what Pat Robertson or Jerry Falwell have said .
To begin with , I would like to tell you that I am really interested in the course because I think it would provide me with some professional advantages in my career as a school teacher .
First , I 'll have to do a presentation in front of professors and students .
All of them are not only great illustrators , but also they have a good sense of humor .
Even if we spend a lot of time learning a language , not everyone can be as fluent as an interpreter .
I can talk to each teacher , but I think that good teachers have two nice skills : they are intelligent and are caring .
We tried to make the boys happy by telling stories .
We decided to speak English together as much as possible to improve our speaking skills .
That 's why I registered two more classes for this month : the earlier English class and the Japanese class on Saturdays .
The primary reason I took this was because I wanted to be certain of my reading skills .
In my opinion , a student can not study well without the teacher 's help .
Although I have only used this application twice , it seems fun and I think it would be good for language learners .
The first thing I would like to inform you of is that making the trip in August would be more convenient for me and for the company I work for ; in September I am usually very busy and have more responsibilities .
Yours sincerely .
Juan Orozco
Since I am a big fan of fairy tales , I love the show .
Take a look at what films and actors are in the running for Oscars .
I think that the final Harry Potter movie is the funniest in the series .
The film is excellent because of both a very exciting and engaging plot , and great performances by the main characters - the serial killer and the two detectives .
The articulation was reasonable , but I felt that some characters displayed too little emotion .
I hope readers will make an effort to see both because of your piece , not only for Heston ’s contributions but to see American cinema at its very best .
As human beings , we need to come to terms with our meanness and how it creeps into how we interact and communicate with others on a daily basis .
I'm Yousef Naser Bishara . I 'm from Saudi Arabia , and I 'm 26 years old .
I 'm Antonio Trevisano del Bruno , a 15-year - old Italian teenager , and I have studied English since I was 7 .
I have known Kadeer since 2012 , when he joined the faculty of Computers and Information , Fayoum University , as an undergraduate student .
My father is self - employed and is running a small construction company .
I have a wonderful family , made up of my father , my mother and my two siblings ( a sister and a brother ) , both older than me .
I've always supplemented my income by teaching piano lessons , something I 've done for over 30 years .
My hobbies are listening to music , playing table tennis , and surfing the Internet .
Of course , we need scientists and engineers going forward , but we also need people who have a good background in the humanities and in fields that touch on other cultures as well as our own , and languages and customs and value systems that we must be able to work with in the future .
I believe that if I work hard , that my dream will surely come true .
I have worked two years for a well - known coffee franchise and previously for three years in a famous patisserie as an assistant chef , which has given me varied skills , like the ability to work with many different types of people and an extensive knowledge of cooking .
One of the reasons for why I 'm writing this article is that I know it will improve my English writing skills , and also because I like to write , I like to share my ideas through the Internet and see what other people think about it .
When I was young , I always thought my father would push me to pursue my own political career .
There is no other choice for MS patients , but they can feel the great power of living if they have known that they can do everything they want .
As we all know , genetic disorders are not contagious and there is no risk for those people who want to offer help .
Over the years , I have asked the same question we all ask at least once in our lives , and some people have even asked me ... What is the meaning of life ?
If knowledge is power , and ignorance is bliss , what are we meant to do in life ?
For those of us who have spent our lives trying to fit in , or win praise , or be pleasing – this is a destructive truth .
Maybe the true meaning is that you only live once and you should think about what you are doing so as to not regret it in the future .
One of the reasons for why I 'm writing this article is that I know it will improve my English writing skills , and also because I like to write , I like to share my ideas through the Internet and see what other people think about it .
As I wrote in the previous entry , I applied for a part - time job in a cram school .
We have seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show and we would all like to go there .
I think I would be suitable for this job , because I am young , energetic , enthusiastic and have always enjoyed working with children .
I am a suitable person for the job because I like to take care of kids and I have the ability to be empathic with other people .
Some of my friends say that I 'm good at handling relationships .
It is great to be free , but I still feel alone because I am scared of life .
Of course , I like hanging out with my friends , but I think sometimes people need to be alone and just think about things .
I am reluctant to say that people need more or better training , but I think it is a more basic problem in our society .
I see that as a sign that there is no strategy .
Some student are very hard working while others are not .
If you have further questions , please feel free to contact me . I would be grateful if you would let me know as soon as possible .
In conclusion , I would just like to say that I am extremely bored , and will welcome any sort of entertainment , including naked photos of your pets .
I am applying for this position because I would like to work as an organizer .
Does Obama want to own Toyota too ?
However , I am not sure if everything is true .
Furthermore , as the world ’s biggest maker of chemicals , the trend towards 3D media , which uses LCD screens , may further boost demand .
The use of the Internet has created a new world for us , but the ethical standard in this world has created a privacy crisis and even cyber bullying .
Being non-renewable , the price of fossil fuels would only get more expensive as time passes .
In conclusion , I believe that public transport will eventually lose its dominance due to the fact that all people want to be independent and travel on their own .
Most of this increase is occurring in developing countries - where the number of older people will rise from 400 million in 2000 to 1.7 billion by 2050 .
There is something that most members do more often than most of our fellow citizens : we fly in aeroplanes .
That would be ideal , but it is never going to happen .
With telephones , aeroplanes , and even fast ships , there are no big distances any more .
However , to avoid compromising the development of other sectors , it is essential for policy makers to limit spending on the elderly by looking into viable alternatives .
Indeed , since Copenhagen , the market price of carbon emissions has fallen .
I think that this change has not necessarily improved the way people live .
Not everyone can afford a car , so public transport will be here in the future as well , but fewer people will use it .
Second , when people get back home , they always turn on the computer to read news on the Internet . Last , almost every student likes games , because it can make us relax , but many students spend too much time in playing games .
Although they want the best for their children , sometimes it is difficult because they are tired and they tend to prepare junk food and allow them to spend their time on the internet or playing with video games .
We feel that this improvement in oral care will mitigate the fact that we can not afford regular dental care .
There are three reasons which will be elaborated in the following paragraphs .
In a city where the dropout rate is over 50 % , teachers are wary of discouraging those students who actually are pursuing their education .
Today , we studied the culture of America in class . At the beginning of the class , we learned about early American history . The first stage was is the colonial period of time which began 1607 .
It is a very convenient cooking tool .
Try to picture this : tomorrow we go to school and we explain our absence by saying that we did project work because we could not find a suitable day to meet .
To most students , the weekend is essential for them , because they are not allowed to play computer games until the weekends .
Actually , many students in this class often do their own stuff during the class without listening to what the teacher says .
Last but not least , some difficult courses should be continually studying rather than having long a break time .
A clear example is that watching television in another language is of vital importance if you aim to learn new vocabulary or improve your comprehension skills , and it makes studying a language really fun and enjoyable .
Other people , nevertheless , disagree with this idea and advocate that studying in many academic subjects is more useful than studying in one specific one .
Since that day , basketball has been my favourite sport .
I like football because it is a sport that I have played since I was small and I think that it is the most fun and exciting team sport .
I believe that many people would agree with me , as football is the most popular sport in the world .
When I was a junior high school student , I enjoyed playing basketball with my classmates .
The main reason why I like playing tennis is because I can control the amount of exercise that I can do .
I can read some articles , but I have difficulties communicating with people .
We need to follow step two , analyze all the factors and decide which we want to choose .
I am an intelligent person , but I rarely show it because I think subconciously I fear people knowing I am smart .
But the ideal is seldom realized .
I like the rules and I believe , as a matter of philosophy , that if people like what they are doing and feel that it is helping others , they will be concientious and professional .
Also , we think that becoming a sports star is difficult and it would be a good idea to talk about it , because some of the club members wrongly think it is easy to succeed at playing a sport .
I 'd like to try golf because I 'm not good at any other sports .
So , American football is a very dangerous sport for players .
If we see a problem , we have to take responsibility for solving it .
For those of you who have never played Doom , it is a very loud game .
When I was a university student , I travelled to New York alone .
On Sunday , I went to the lake with my relatives .
Looking at the photo makes me happy , as I am able to see my brother again .
I came back to Japan this May and the day after I arrived in Japan ,
During the winter , I had a good appetite and I ate delicious foods .
It took 25 to 26 hours to fly from my house to the hotel where I stay .
After I had finished my exams , I asked my mother to hold a party for me and my older sister .
We live in a big house in the forest .
I really think he is a nice boy , and everyone in my family loves him a lot .
I am Angel , . I like taking photos ! I want to go abroad , because I have never been abroad before .
When my brother first suggested the idea of the Taco Dog , I was skeptical .
We stopped four times for lunch and breaks during the drive . It took about 8 hours .
However instead of ending up at the waterfall , we only saw a chapel .
I think I will get fat again as there is nothing to do .
I was surprised that the stadium roof was so high .
Everything felt amazing and beautiful .
lf you ride trains , you can see a lot of people using cellphones ,
Before I came back , I thought it would be uncomfortable and unhappy to be with my family members in the small house again , for I was really content to live by myself .
This has helped me a lot , because I can talk with my friends who live in other countries .
As usual , it was great to see everyone again and I am pretty sure that they were all happy to see me too .
When I go to college I always wear a dress . A lot of my friends said that I am very beautiful .
I had a nice time with kind and friendly people , saw so many awesome things , and I had fabulous food and a comfortable hotel .
Elderly who wish to continue working are able to do so by attend upgrading courses to facilitate them in finding jobs .
Many elderly people in society are still in need of public funds to support them financially , to subsidise their costly healthcare bills and also to enjoy more elderly services and facilities .
Many states have introduced housing policies , which allow the young couples to live near their parents or which give priority in purchasing houses to those people who have married .
Although , governments are likely to face economic stress initially , which means they have to invest more money in upgrading technology instead of other fields such as education , infrastructure and medical care , this strategy could affect inhabitants ' physical health and promote their standard of living .
I always prefer to read books that are unusual in some way , because they give me the opportunity to escape from everyday reality .
What I do know is that I was in the industry as a prior regulator , and an employee of one of the big 4 for eight years , specifically involved in banking issues ; and finally , what I witnessed at WAMU and GS ( yes , I worked there for years ) ; what I saw was not what I would call ethical and in compliance with law and regulation .
they annoying me
As yet , nobody has succeeded in implementing this doctrine and nobody will , because culture arises from the collection of values developed by people coming together to form national groups .
That is why sometimes we object very strongly to decisions which would ease the movement of capital in the countries of the European Union . It is not that we are against integration .
Here are several examples : the age limit of 35 benefits women and is positive , so they say .
In other words , the state is responsible for its own public order , but this responsibility is restricted by community principles which it can not contradict ; on the contrary , it must support them .
The government raised the safety level of radioactivity of food , so that we can buy contaminated food in the grocery store .
One of the reasons why the government should not be the one that supports the elderly is the simple concept of filial piety .
Moreover , the policy on science and engineering also affects the process of engineering application . Due to insufficient investment in research and engineering practice .
We know that making social contact can sometimes be a problem for a wide range of people , who sometimes find it a lonely and daunting experience .
First , it is because these stories are so interesting that I can read them without feeling uncomfortable .
The reasons why I want to become aupair are beacause I want to experience life in a different culture and because I want to improve my English and gain more confidence in speaking .
Yes , 11 hours is better than 4 months on a boat , and you get to meet cute native peoples all over the world ; no , most of us are forced to travel , for business , and see little and are abused by our surroundings on those awful planes .
I would like to find those who are learning Chinese or are interested in chatting with friends .
In my opinion , nowadays , driving a car is very stressful because of traffic density .
But it is elderly people who can also draw great benefit from technology , for example , when they are unable to go out and shop and can instead order food via their computer at home .
One of the reasons why I chose Canada is that I thought I could buy Canadian brand clothes at a cheaper price .
You can eat various kinds of American food in Japan , but interestingly , Mexican food is not so popular in Japan .
Now , many people use microwaves because it is very easy to cook and they try to prevent air pollution .
I would like to suggest hiring special animators who will entertain kids .
It ’s an easy food that you can make in only a few minutes . For that reason , the arepa in Venezuela has become the most popular and traditional food .
In conclusion , I think that connecting with good teachers and learning to see our home countries objectively are two major reasons why students want to study abroad .
Hence people also will want greater mobility in their computers , which is why the laptop was invented in the first place .
Every week , Facebook receives millions of highly personal status updates that are kept forever and are form the basis of direct advertising revenue .
The usage of this technology has also brought about many controversies on privacy as a basic human right , the lack of control over who can view the information of those who are being tagged , and lastly , the psychological impact it has on the individual and the society .
Customers are afraid of their data being leaked , but they want to enjoy the convinience of online services .
This essay will discuss the implications of social media for everyday life , emphasizing the problems which have arisen from the use of Facebook and Twitter .
The Internet is a way to make new friends all over the world through social websites such as Facebook , Twitter , and YouTube .
Customers are afraid of their data being leaked , but they want to enjoy the convinience of online services .
These results paint a clear picture of search engine usage , popularity , and how users are loyal to their engine of choice .
Unlike business usage , private users demand a user-friendly environment to communicate with friends and family , as well as some additional entertainment features .
In conclusion , making a speech contributes to our social relationships and it allows us to define our personality .
For the few who can use the web , social networks have become a good way to communicate .
In contrast , one positive aspect of social media relates to the education area , in which knowledge , the expansion of ideas , and the discovery of different ways of learning will contribute to the community .
( Gibbon Media& Research LLC , 2007 ) .
Fans will also be able to share content by uploading and sharing pictures , videos and blog posts .
Most people prefer to watch reality programmes where people have to live with unknown people , in order to gossip about them .
The misuse of surveillance technology not only invades users ' privacy but also increases the risk to personal and national security .
If the user chooses to make this information public , it will appear on Google ’s search engine , making posts easier to find .
If the user chooses to make this information public , it will appear on Google ’s search engine , making posts easier to find .
If someone has something they want to share , they can send out messages to other employees who list similar interests in their profile .
But it is also true that the language employed is , to most people , vulgar and offensive .
People will also be able to complain anonymously about violations of religious liberty or any other policies .
They 've been famously studied by Paul Ekman , Ph.D. ( the real - life model for Dr. Cal Lightman of the hit show " Lie to Me " ) , who found that all humans display a range of emotions with identical facial expressions .
Some companies have made it compulsory for their staff to wear RFID tags to facilitate personnel identification and access control ( Masters & Michael , 2006 ) .
According to Cox ( 2008 ) , a study was done by Spyglass Consulting Group in 2008 and the result has shown that the usage of RFID technology in hospitals has tripled since its last study in 2005 .
But last June , Attorney General Eric Holder allowed the security directives to expire following a 2007 civil lawsuit by Reid in which he claimed that SAMs violated his First Amendment right of free speech and free exercise of religion .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Customers are afraid of their data being leaked , but they want to enjoy the convinience of online services .
When communicating with more than one person via email , you should talk to all of them at once . It just saves time .
Firstly , many people think public transport has no future because travelling by car is faster and more independent .
As part of the push toward greater individual control of health information , Microsoft and Google have recently begun offering Web - based personal health records .
Better yet , some sites allow for multiple pictures and this greatly enhances the selection process .
Customers are afraid of their data being leaked , but they want to enjoy the convinience of online services .
Not only will Internet users be better informed about what happens to their personal data , but it will also become easier for them to exercise control over their personal information in practice .
Psychopaths are said to lack the ability to sympathize , so they do not understand how others feel .
Although there are arguments that using RFID is invading people 's privacy , the benefits are more prominent .
Admittedly , the use of surveillance technology may invade one 's privacy .
Photography classes for everyone
Introduction .
Teens are undeniably influenced by those around them , and by what they see on social media , from television to the internet .
Photographs are included in all of those sites .
Many of us are under the impression that being a model just means having a lot of fun , visiting exotic places , getting the chance to meet influential people and wearing fashionable clothes .
As a new college subject
It is dangerous to argue about political issues without first experiencing such training , which is not restricted only to learning languages .
However , it is important not to make assumptions about what intellectual disability means , since with appropriate support and preparation , many people with intellectual disabilities can be a valuable part of the workforce .
Providing computers for student use will help achieve one broad objective of education : facilitating the entry of students into the labor force .
Among other reasons ,
It is a well known fact that the proportion of the elderly in every developed nation 's population is on a rapid rise , thanks to increased usage of birth controls and past government policies .
Lastly , the advancement in science and technology has provided an immediate response for the elderly when they face any danger .
In today 's society , we are all aware that the audiovisual industry plays a huge role and it is important for economic reasons and job creation because it is a communication tool .
Today is a perfect autumn day !
In this day , spring has already come , and the hills look full of vitality and lively .
It rained yesterday , so almost all of the snow has melted .
After the long summer , the winter came suddenly .
They sing joyfully and build their nests .
Because everyone seems happy .
The weather is fine today after a long spell of rain and it 's getting colder .
We put our watches back an hour in October .
The summertime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
Thus , the winter becomes colder , and the summer becomes hotter .
We put our watches back an hour in October .
The bottom line is that when the pain goes away a couple of days after the injection , many people ( and even doctors ) think this is a cure .
Hockey as a life style
After all , a successful career is best measured by how satisfying you find it , and it 's easier to develop strengths and skills than to actually have to learn to find something interesting .
When it comes to winter sports , what do you think of ?
Are you afraid that you would not use an article accurately ?
Indeed , you are mistaken .
Moreover , if you want to find a good job , you must be able to speak two or three languages without any problems .
( B ) You should n't pretend to understand what you actually do n't .
In Canada , people are crazy about Ice hockey .
I believe that many people would agree with me , as football is the most popular sport in the world .
Definitely we should try to understand technology . If we know how to use it , technology will improve our way of life .
Football is indeed a union .
Basically , it is not as bad as we may have thought .
I have always said that when you first start working out or when you ’re out of shape , you have to train more frequently to maximize your fitness level .
I wish he would stop , but on the other hand , I really enjoy feeling him move .
Everywhere I have worked before , I have been praised for being very organised and having the ability to deal with unexpected situations successfully .
I think they will owe an explanation . Why would they save your old email for themselves ?
He thought that this experiment would help them to realize the importance of life .
At some point , hopefully people will see , listen and read what this man is saying and realize that we need to change in order to evolve into a society that leads the world rather than ruins it .
Remember : everything you are doing now is preparing you for eventual marriage , so please , save it for marriage !
As far as public transportation goes , I do believe that buses have the potential to be more efficient in terms of time and frequency .
Secondly , people who use public transport are safer than others who use private cars if they drink more than usual and drive their cars ; there are a lot of car accidents due to drivers being drunk .
The American dream is dying and we are gettint colser to a welfare state each year . This country enables families to live off the government .
However , the public usually forgets the fact that nuclear power can actually be a rich source of energy and is able to have a substantial effect on the reduction of cost and environmental pollution .
Big cities generally have heavy traffic and expensive parking , but then you have a choice of taking public transportation .
As far as public transportation goes , I do believe that buses have the potential to be more efficient in terms of time and frequency .
Another big thing is building a national high speed rail network , so that alternative transportation to either cars or airlines would become reality and thus further curb the nation 's oil / gas consumption .
In Coslada City Council , people are well informed about taking care environment .
Policymakers have also stepped up efforts in reducing the financial burden of an aging population by providing financial aids and encouraging people to save in advance for their retirement .
There are many small islands in the sea .
It 's a six - floor building , but not very big ( there are 6 - 7 rooms on each floor ) .
However , the city has taken various steps and measures to keep it clean and green .
So parents ' decisions are reliable and if children follow parents ' wishes , they wo n't be damaged by mis - decision . wrong word
However , the public usually forgets the fact that nuclear power can actually be a rich source of energy and is able to have a substantial effect on the reduction of cost and environmental pollution .
The town hall put containers for trash in the streets and the workers from the town hall clean the streets .
In addition , the healthcare sector is also very important as it can help increase the standard of living of people .
As a nation , we are facing intellectual bankruptcy and a serious decline in the quality of life .
This is not a problem caused by technology but a problem caused by society , and might be a problem with man 's fate .
As we all know , genetic disorders are not contagious and there is no risk for those people who want to offer help .
Big cities generally have heavy traffic and expensive parking , but then you have a choice of taking public transportation .
It is a great idea : no deposit slip , no postage , no gas , and it is better if it ’s free .
To keep the city clean and tidy , people adopt an environmentally - friendly attitude in daily life : they refuse to litter . If they can not find a rubbish bin around , they keep their rubbish in a small plastic bag . At home , they separate the recyclable items from the rubbish before they get rid of the rubbish .
However , we are able to eat many kinds of food because we have become affluent .
This policy has been implemented smoothly , since both the government and citizens can benefit from it .
Then they told me to put my hair in a ponytail and to not have any sharp objects , such as keys or pens in my pockets , because it can fall down .
Famous people deserve to have freedom to do whatever they want , but it is quite difficult to do things in public places , because nobody likes seeing famous politicians or film stars without asking questions .
Second , money gives people a way to help other people .
As soon as the last river ends the southern border of Egypt is here .
The most historical place is the Pyramids . They were built more than 7000 years ago .
But most scientists deny that hypothesis .
Not only this , but even though what he claims is kinda agitative , I totally agree with him on everything .
My town is surrounded by mountains , constructed as a bed town of the big city .
All over the time the Nile is the only source of water for Egyptians .
Besides a better usage of land , better sanitation is also needed because a huge number of people will need a clean environment to maintain their health .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to mark it off of the red soil of desert .
Among all the means of transport , the train has become the most important public transport for short and middle distances .
Through the centuries people have been exploring the nature of the Nile .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year for three seasons compared to dry or wet period .
They knew when it will be the ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Nile ' to stock up with clean water .
Besides the above two problems , lack of communication in engineering society also discourages the generation of innovative ideas .
Due to the increase of population , we had to cut down many forests and construct new houses and buildings .
Because all of the restaurants want to earn money , so they will just use cheap and unhealthy ingredients to cook the food .
So , in this respect , we must welcome the fact that the European Commission is making proposals to remedy the current situation and respond to the challenge by encouraging public and private investment in this sector .
For instance , fashionable people like to live in a big city because they can see all the new fashions at the mall .
But it is not so important .
I 'm sure you 'll agree that Pompei is the most important archeological site in the world .
For centuries this building had been the symbol of this city .
Every year , historical sites and ancient buildings attract millions of tourists visiting this country .
Built by the Roman emperor Nero in the first century A.D. , the sumptuous palace is known to many by its Latin name Domus Aurea .
Secondly , unwanted animals are sometimes sold to circuses , hunting parks or for meat .
Moreover navy wars were represented in order to celebrate Roman army .
If they see that the elderly are being taken care of by their families , they would know how valuable they are to society .
The important thing is that if we want to have many choices in adverse situations , we need to keep improving the quality of our thoughts .
Some people may not be able to accept big news .
At times , it feels like I 'm being asked to just give up everything I 've spent the last 12 years working to accomplish .
Now the real hard part is balancing " tolerance " with our own sense of what is " right " and our own responsibilities to work toward a world that treats all people in ways that we believe to be humane , ethical and appropriate .
With the rapid development of Information Technology , computers play an important role in our daily life .
Admittedly , money is necessary for people 's daily lives , satisfying their basic needs .
There is no doubt that travelling by car is the most comfortable option , but claiming that public transport has no future is too much .
Travelling by car might be more pleasant , but it can also be costly , because fuel can be very expensive , depending on the current economy .
However , others believe that public transport is better , due to the fact that public transport is environmentally friendly .
In conclusion , public transport is a cost - effective way for people to travel which also contributes to the sustainable development of society .
With these policies implemented by the government , the elderly do not need so much financial assistance to meet their needs .
In cities with polluted air , we have to reduce individual car traffic and improve public transport .
Taking everything into account , there are both advantages and disadvantages to flying by plane .
Therefore , if you want to save money , it is wise not to own private cars , but to use public transportation instead .
has better functions and is more advanced than others .
Firstly , many people think public transport has no future because travelling by car is faster and more independent .
I think Calgary is colder than any city in China .
Public transport is so necessary in big cities that the car industry is continuously developing new means of transport .
There are other famous people who do not appear on television and they are chased by reporters .
They occupy too many seats , inclouding priority seats .
Actually , many of students are Korean residents abroad .
But since they stick to whatever they think is right , sometimes this makes them go away from the group and they keep aloof .
Therefore , I believe that we can put this report in the context of reducing bureaucracy .
Priority seats , are preserved to those who need , not only elders but also some adult need it .
Because of Boo , we learn that one should not judge someone on their appearance – or in this case , lack of appearance .
This concept has negative influences . On the one hand people do not want to do new engineering designs and discourage others to do so .
To me and many others here this evening , it is obvious that toys should be safe , as small children can not read warning texts themselves or assess any risks that may arise .
In my opinion , these surveillance technologies should not be used to track people .
Second , the government should publicize the awareness of protection
Instant replay has become an integral part of sports broadcasts .
Our generation is more developed and diverse in spheres of modern culture , including art , music , literature etc .
Television has many advantages .
Moreover , lifelong learning empowers the elderly to lead a better lifestyle through social interaction and contribution to the community .
Even after children have graduated from college and started working , parents can give advice to them about anything , for example , how to balance working hours and private time , or how to raise children .
One more advantage of owning a pet is that it helps children learn to be responsible and caring .
The most beneficial thing in this self - development process is that young people get an opportunity to learn how to be responsible and also gain confidence in their own abilities .
In the 21st century when people around the world get more opportunities to interact with each other , the ability to speak and understand other languages has become more and more important .
Besides , governments need to review history in order to improve the quality of public policies and politicians ' behaviors .
In recent years , the Oscar audience has been lower , as viewers tuned in to second - guess the fortunes of movies they often had not seen .
Also , TV has provided the ability for people around the world to learn about people who live in other countries .
On the other hand , teenagers are becoming more dependent on cellphones , video games and television , which make them be more sedentary .
As a result , the elderly often feel lonely as there is little or no interaction with their children .
Another point is that television is taking childhood away from children .
This is especially so since they are part of the family and not strangers .
The bank specializes in providing personalized community banking services to individuals and small to mid - size businesses , including retail and commercial banking , mortgage , trust , brokerage and insurance .
Firstly , it defines the priorities better and more clearly and concentrates resources on the best projects ; it coordinates management of operative phases of major projects better , where appropriate , appointing a coordinator to help resolve difficulties holding up the completion of work ; it takes the regulatory environment into account and it tackles other bureaucratic and administrative factors that have slowed up completion thus far .
I have learned a lot about several systems and have worked with clients from various sectors , such as banking , the manufacturing industry , shipping , mail - order houses and common carriers .
If you want government backing to ensure the economy is secure , to bail out Freddie Mac , Fannie Mae and other high risk lenders , then you can not complain about accountability .
An engineering design process , which includes mainly five stages-defining the problem , gathering pertinent information , generating multiple solutions , analyzing and selecting a solution and testing and implementing the solution , plays a very important role in improving the quality of people 's lives .
An engineering design process , which includes mainly five stages-defining the problem , gathering pertinent information , generating multiple solutions , analyzing and selecting a solution and testing and implementing the solution , plays a very important role in improving the quality of people 's lives .
The reasons I love traveling are to meet lots of people from different cultures and ways of thinking , and I can also practice English conversation .
Studying can take many forms : seeking for advice from more experienced people , reading books written by people successful in your field , giving a tremendous amount of thought to the things you are tackling , and continuously endeavoring to find a better way to deal with things through trial and error .
I thought about changing jobs before because I wanted to work at a more attractive company , but I have changed my mind lately .
But I have to reconcile with them because I want to be given a chance to further my studies in a foreign country .
Another reason for choosing swimming is that I 'm good at it because a few years ago I had lessons , where I learned to swim very well .
We need to look at alternatives to capitalism if the people of this planet are to have decent , peaceful lives .
But there is always a cost , and if you ask those operators to bear additional costs today , you are going to slow down the distribution of the product ; people who can not afford to pay for a mobile phone today will never be able to afford it .
If we do n’t save the party from itself , we are all doomed and we can not let that happen .
In the first place , there are serious problems with the system in terms of conservation of resources .
In truth , we have adopted plenty of instruments in recent times .
Google has agreed to sell some search advertising to Yahoo .
With so many useful functions , some people believe that computers can replace human beings .
In addition to that , microchips enable details of the pet owner to be recorded , so it will be easier to trace lost animals and help combat the illegal trade in pets .
In cities with polluted air , we have to reduce individual car traffic and improve public transport .
Not everyone with a laptop in Boston may be a blogger , though .
One theory would be that you were raised to believe that the government created jobs .
It can be proved now that the willingness of people to use public transportation is higher . Besides , it is not as costly as using a car , and the quality of public transportation has improved , so citizens have no worries about using it .
In my opinion , shopping is not always enjoyable , especially when there are too many people in the shops .
For those people , there is always another option - public transport .
The big question is whether we can achieve our objective , but the question also is whether there is fair competition .
Why do they speak fluently ?
Do you think the best way to study a foreign language is to study abroad ?
Or do you want to concentrate on housework ( child care ) ?
Sometimes you may find it impossible to learn a new language .
I think that most of English learners dislike grammar . Grammar is essential for understanding English well .
A clear example is that watching television in another language is of vital importance if you aim to learn new vocabulary or improve your comprehension skills , and it makes studying a language really fun and enjoyable .
For example , some people who have lots of money living in Shenzhen earn more money by buying at a low price and selling at a high price , although they have a house to live in .
If one were to describe companies that have existed for a long time in human terms , there are companies that function with a strong personality , with a particular culture that they have managed to create and develop and that identifies them and distinguishes them from the others .
Actually , there have been many serious traffic accidents in recent times .
We can easily arrive at the conclusion that the Internet will not alienate human society .
With economic growth , the average income will increase , and thus , many people will be able to or even lessen their burden on taking care of their elderly parents .
Humankind always has needs and demands because people want to lead a more comfortable and easier life .
Those countries that have created a number of jobs have also created genuine deregulation of the product market .
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas which traps heat within the Earth .
If the emission of greenhouse gases continues at this rate or faster , it will be even warmer and will cause many changes to the Earth in the future .
The higher temperature enhance , the worst the living quality is .
But what if we could treat those situations as a common thing , and show our tolerance , I think life would be much different .
Besides , increased unemployment rates contribute to a lot of social problems which may threaten the social security of the country .
Here , people are desperate for food and water .
People have been preferring fighting stories rather than those full of love , dreams and peace .
Exhausted , without the strength to search , people vanish into the infinite darkness .
Thus , the government fails to notice the two root causes of the evil .
I thank you for loving us enough to guide and direct us and to show us some things that are in our future .
If I could , I would help him , but there was nothing I could do for him .
It is impossible to have a private life if you are a celebrity , because people who love you want to know about your private life .
If people understand this reality , they can escape from possible failures ; otherwise , they may make the same mistakes .
To do a good job at anything , either you need to be more than sufficiently motivated or you need to be disciplined .
The most essential thing in life is to establish heartfelt communication with others .
It is just something I want , and would love to have .. It makes me realize how faulty I am in everything I do .
Myself .. I would n't want the job .
Dear Sir or Madam :
I would like to build upon the responsibilities I will have and hope that I will be an acceptable candidate for the position of prefect .
In the past few weeks , I have spent some time at different medical institutes .
So far I have been able to pass fairly difficult exams and achieve good results in various soccer competitions .
It is not an easy task to explain the importance of this exam for me , since I do not have any specific objective in mind that requires a Cambridge certificate .
Apart from that , I`ve been doing night courses in French at the YMCA language centre .
Futhermore , I will have chances to treat patients directly rather than through referrals from doctors , which would give me the freedom necessary to develop my professional skills .
If you have further questions , please feel free to contact me . I would be grateful if you would let me know as soon as possible .
If it is necessary , I would be willing to come for an interview at any time .
I look forward to hearing from you and wish to disclose that I am
Yours faithfully ,
Sebastián Ferrari
The aging process has caused unprecedented problems for society , especially for the aged , who face plenty of illnesses when they become older .
Individuals are able to reduce the huge mental burden imposed on them by sharing it with families , which in certain cases can be overwhelming .
Hence , even though the government and health authorities offer facilities to ease the aging effect , people must also take the initiative to utilize them and be more proactive in keeping a healthy lifestyle .
With the help of science and technology , the elderly will face fewer difficulties . They will reduce their reliance on families and have a better time in coping with the transitional phase of their lives .
Individuals are able to reduce the huge mental burden imposed on them by sharing it with families , which in certain cases can be overwhelming .
With financial sufficiency , people can live an easy life and avoid dangerous work by using some helpful equipment .
Of course , people want to think that their own lives are meaningful and , in many ways , they can be .
They can understand customers better by observing them carefully .
Some people think that when they face difficulties , they can rely on their family or friends to solve their problems .
Psychopaths are said to lack the ability to sympathize , so they do not understand how others feel .
Hence , the CPF has indeed helped to ease the aging process and the financial burden of the elderly as it requires people to save in advance and also informs citizens on how much they should save in order to be self- sufficient for their old age .
It is also fun because you can notice that you are getting better all the time .
Second , people can meet with their family or friends who live abroad more easily .
As a whole , they are believed to have supernatural power that brings happiness or unhappiness to people .
Most people visit shrines to pray for happiness and a healthy year .
The most beneficial thing in this self - development process is that young people get an opportunity to learn how to be responsible and also gain confidence in their own abilities .
Some people think that when they face difficulties , they can rely on their family or friends to solve their problems .
In addition , enhancing the psychological well being of the elderly can make aging less depressing and cultivates a pleasant lifestyle for the elderly , thus making the aging process more enjoyable .
On the other hand , some say that Japan has accomplished its success economically and owes it to the education system , which makes people study hard and make them smarter .
For many years , people have used public transport to go to work , to study , and to travel .
Unfortunately , in the European Union , while the first three flow freely , there has been much more resistance to the free movement of people .
On the one hand , money has significant advantages in a person 's life .
In this way , it minimizes the chances of them being unable to afford their medical bills , and at the same time reduces the heavy burden on government subsidies .
This kind of transport is regarded as a convenient way to travel .
Recently , the aging population has caused lots of social and economic problems , which has drawn the attention of more and more governments .
Travelling by car is preferred by some people because of its convenience and advantages .
Another problem is pollution .
However , exercise outdoors is still possible in cold or wet weather if people have proper clothing that will protect them from the wind chill .
Although this European Year will promote greater awareness of these particular issues , there is a need for effective joint action in order to make a substantial difference to the millions of people in the European Union who are suffering because of poverty and social exclusion .
Travelling by car is preferred by some people because of its convenience and advantages .
Therefore , if you want to save money , it is wise not to own private cars , but to use public transportation instead .
Moreover , this weekend was possibly a peak season for year - end parties , so the bus might have been stuck in traffic .
In my opinion , fewer people are travelling by public transport and have started to buy their own cars , which are more comfortable to use whether you are in a hurry or not .
Most of these buses will make many stops , which makes it even more time - consuming .
We need more economic growth but it must not be at the expense of our natural environment , which we hold in trust for future generations .
Therefore , if you want to save money , it is wise not to own private cars , but to use public transportation instead .
Secondly , public transport is better for the environment than using cars because a bus has more space than a car and many people can go on a bus , thus decreasing the amount of pollution and helping the environment .
And other studies have shown that even a small drop in weight can lower the risk for diabetes and other health problems .
The practice of surveillance technology is necessary for the benefit of the majority as it has been adopted to improve our quality of life .
In cities with polluted air , we have to reduce individual car traffic and improve public transport .
In fact , there are more and more people who do not have to rely on government help .
Correspondingly , the space for each person becomes more limited than before .
But there is always a cost , and if you ask those operators to bear additional costs today , you are going to slow down the distribution of the product ; people who can not afford to pay for a mobile phone today will never be able to afford it .
Therefore , if you want to save money , it is wise not to own private cars , but to use public transportation instead .
This results in the loss of personal space and people live in fear as they tend to be very cautious in their every movements .
Second , travelling by train is safe and reasonable compared to planes .
Modern technology has created other conveniences : I can pay my bills at any time and do not need to wait in a big queue to be attended by the teller , I can exchange photos and videos via computer , I can do business and make money at home , and so on .
Travelling by car might be more pleasant , but it can also be costly , because fuel can be very expensive , depending on the current economy .
I agree with this affirmation because public transport is more expensive than a car , is slow and is less economical .
As a result , we can say it is not always justified that branded products are more expensive than other comparable ones .
People who are always looking at things from a practical point of view usually stick to well - defined rules to avoid or reduce any potential risks or hazards .
Learning English for the future
How to learn a foreign language effectively ?
Thus , as technology advances day by day , there are many various innovative solutions that help the elderly to solve the problems faced in their daily lives .
When studying a foreign language , we have various kinds of reasons why we want to learn it .
Technology has changed our lives in many ways , which brings many advantages for us , such as convenience , making it easy to connect with friends and easier to access entertainment .
Since my job requires no advanced English , I have long since wished for a chance to practice and improve my English , or to have more opportunities to communicate with native English speakers .
I think people may not even bother to bid because there is a hidden reserve price .
Technology allows us to have more time for leisure or for other things we really like to do . We can take care of those we love and give them more attention ; time is not really a problem .
Levels of educational attainment have a direct influence on the employment opportunities of young people and therefore also on their social inclusion and , despite the current economic crisis , we must not allow this potential to be wasted .
rua francisco xavier nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear Lang - 8 Users ,
It is an e - mail that I intend to send to the Society .
At 7 o ' clock I have a tennis lesson . I play tennis with my mom and the others because it relieves a lot of stress .
I just got mine with meat'n'taters ... While we were up there , our neighbors , who actually own the country club down here , had a surprise party .
Another thing is that I would improve my skills in working with children and I would find the money useful to expand my academic qualifications .
I will have a banker in Spearfish contact you .
I hope you will answer my letter and tell me if you are interested in my proposition .
That afternoon , I went with my aunt and uncle to visit two of my other aunts .
We enjoyed delicious Chinese cuisine and drinks , and we also enjoyed chatting about various things around us .
We had a great time and we sang on stage .
By 4 o’clock in the evening , the doctor had Tristan fixed up .
First I started listening to all their Japanese songs and then their Korean songs .
After we went home , we immediately had dinner .
Since each dish has a nice picture , it is easy for me to imagine about the recipe .
After that , we chose what dessert we were going to have , and we decided on a chocolate brownie with hot fudge and ice cream .
I played Frisbee , ball and hide - and - go - seek with Rin in the backyard .
There were two men at the bench , and we could not find our stuff .
As the rabbit was running , he tripped on a lamp .
The teacher , Mrs. Rowley , walked up to her and gently took her hand in her . “
My right knee is in pain .
I think Gemma said Are you alright ? ``
I was very disappointed and felt sorry because I was supposed to give the data to two colleagues but I had to keep them waiting .
I had butterflies in my stomach.'Yes , I am fine , ' Winnie replied .
I feel relieved by his arrest .
In the hospital , the doctor gave me a operation and made a cast around my arm .
Winnie felt warm inside and smiled happily .
It was not funny , because my mom injured her eye , and she cried painfully .
Why now ?
I think it is because we can enjoy ourselves more when we drink .
What an unproductive day !
Homes in the future may be more modern and safe .
The future looks bright .
Guests would love a clean restaurant .
Basically , they can be divided into two groups .
Relaxation 's , learning 's , kitchen 's zones and so on .
In the future , these batteries will also power all the homes and electric power lines that clutter the view will be a thing of the past .
From this reason , IPTV means a kind of internet service using television tube .
everyone will be comfortable .
So this change helps its portability .
It depends on every single person 's view point .
I have chosen swimming because it is my favourite sport .
Why do I like swimming ?
Second , when people get back home , they always turn on the computer to read news on the Internet . Last , almost every student likes games , because it can make us relax , but many students spend too much time in playing games .
Even after children have graduated from college and started working , parents can give advice to them about anything , for example , how to balance working hours and private time , or how to raise children .
She goes to the swimming club every week and she masters the breaststroke , backstroke and butterfly stroke .
Beaches and parks also provide an avenue for the aged to keep fit and stay healthy , cutting down unnecessary healthcare costs that arise from age-related problems .
For those people who want to combine fun and health , a good solution could be running , which is a free , competitive and complete sport .
Hello , Ellen !
I went to see Utada 's concert in Hawaii on my first night there .
First of all , let me tell you I was really happy to get a few free tickets to the premiere from a friend who works at a local radio station .
After I started painting I learned a lot of things .
There is a great opportunity to go there because students need not pay anything .
While listening to their songs with a piano accompaniment , I was thinking different things .
Due to this kind of education , students in Japan , or in other countries , can not think about everything by themselves . That is , they can not look for the essence of things deeply because they are used to being given information by teachers rather than getting information actively for themselves .
But , what I want to explain here is not about that web site .
they are thinking so serious about the number of the students but I think that they should worry about other things like studying more rather than thinking about the trivial thing .
In the second meeting , our manager said we were extremely excited that it wasFriday .
At first I just helped setting up the stage ; setting microphones , and tuning guitars .
My first job was to check my schedule .
I could see that the orchestra and the soloist were playing really well , and they used really difficult tricks and poses to play the piece , but it was impossible to find any melody .
I started to want to listen to the song that would be composed for Japan .
At first , I thought it would be really difficult . I was afraid I might break my computer .
I know members have put a huge amount of time and effort into what were necessarily truncated contributions .
At the concert , a lot of the people were standing and enjoying the songs .
When applying the principle , it is difficult to distinguish between these aspects .
After watching , I was fully satisfied with the story and I felt like floating in space .
My finger turned pale and was sore , and I could hardly fall asleep because of the pain .
Moreover , I am a kind - hearted person who enjoys meeting people a lot .
The first thing I would like to inform you of is that making the trip in August would be more convenient for me and for the company I work for ; in September I am usually very busy and have more responsibilities .
Please send me a reply if you received our email .
See you ! !
I favor the fact that technology has to be made more accessible to people rather than people changing their ways to adapt to technology .
However , social determinism , which can be defined as technology being boosted by social factors , is also an important factor in the development of technologies .
From black - and - white adds posted in public places we have moved to practically live surrounded by outdoor adds placed in every available and imaginable spot .
Try to imagine the wide , colourful street with many fantastic cars and large shiny shops .
Customers are afraid of their data being leaked , but they want to enjoy the convinience of online services .
Several European companies like Nokia or Ericsson are focusing on mobiles and I have been told that in a couple of years it will be possible to send an e - mail either from a computer or from a mobile , which is going to be great .
I 'm not sure if it will become my favourite since I find it so hard to choose one , but I can see why others class it as a favourite .
Most people seem to be interested only in watching a movie rather than being connected to the beautiful world they live in .
Their idea or product is a totally new concept which people may find hard to accept because of a traditional idea or product that may have been etched in their mind .
At times like this , we are all aware of how much more we need to do to prevent disasters and to deal expeditiously with the disasters that we are not able to prevent .
That is because if I got a large salary , I can buy many things I want , and I could retire early .
Anyway , after living in Kaliningrad for a year , we decided to relocate to a small resort town Svetlogorsk ( formerly Rauschen ) .
So , people can live more comfortable and convenient lives .
The kitchen , when finished , will look great , but if I had to do it over again I would choose different paint .
Tranquility will eventually become a workout room , with exercise equipment and a toilet .
Thus , I would like to share a dormitory room with a roommate who agrees in advance with the rules we discuss together .
Of course , I took everyone 's advice . I kept a copy of the June - skies template .
so we enjoyed the time spent together .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
Though I 've been studying English for several years in China , I still find it very difficult to convey my ideas freely to others and understand people with different accents .
I think the reason I need to lose weight is that whenever I think about food , I eat .
You can check if this needs to be done by simply running the trap under water .
Also , since the ultimate purpose of education is employment , it 's necessary for students to get a rudimentary grasp of what skills are required in the workplace , and this can only be achieved through previous work experience .
That means you need to first focus on mastering the most common 2000 words in the language .
When you look closely , there are some key areas of the Chumby that are not open , and some others that are technically open , but require so much effort to open that they are essentially closed under most realistic conditions .
Second , soft skills are not a priority in this organization .
First , the teacher will train us in soccer techniques .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Have we actually thought about the choices involved ?
We ’re so used to this TV - viewing system that it ’s nearly impossible for us to see a program “ live ” and actually watch the commercials .
That was 29 years ago , so a lot has happened since then .
An explosion of channels arrived to our houses in the eighties .
In the next section , we will describe the issues regarding the implementation of this system .
Number of Channels are gradually reducing
It is true that twenty years ago , there were few people who were using a cellular phone .
All tv tried to get several licences to distribute their shows .
Instead , the main reason is the non - budgetization of the EDF .
But I feel more choices are better than less choices .
Internet TV is increasing
To call a taxi , you pick up the phone , and tell them the number of your building and where you want to go .
When you speak something , you can lead the conversation .
You just click on it .
Therefore , they will need to create a supplementary budget for job creation .
I hear the troubles from TV news .
Many of them are within the top management .
It is more important to go abroad than to listen to the media .
The answer is simple : it is cheaper and faster .
Summary
Bees are dying .
The main advantage of learning on the Internet is saving time .
Nowadays only national or international broadcast groups can be in the match .
I believe that buying an apartment , despite the high prices , is one way to invest money .
The bottom line is , there is no magic cure for this situation .
Dear Mrs. Clark ,
I am writing in response to your letter , in which you told me I am the winner in your competition , and my intention is to try to give you all the information you may need .
so that I could travel around the country .
I am a 23 - year - old graduate business student and for the next few months I will be doing an internship in eastern Europe .
I live in a country that has no railroad , but I did have the chance to experience this modern mode of transportation a few years back when I took a train from the city centre in Cologne , Germany directly to Frankfurt Airport .
One of the reasons for why I 'm writing this article is that I know it will improve my English writing skills , and also because I like to write , I like to share my ideas through the Internet and see what other people think about it .
I live in a country that has no railroad , but I did have the chance to experience this modern mode of transportation a few years back when I took a train from the city centre in Cologne , Germany directly to Frankfurt Airport .
To begin with , I would like to tell you that I am really interested in the course because I think it would provide me with some professional advantages in my career as a school teacher .
I look forward to seeing you when you arrive here .
Dear Sarah ,
I am very happy to hear from you and I hope that you are well .
One of the reasons for why I 'm writing this article is that I know it will improve my English writing skills , and also because I like to write , I like to share my ideas through the Internet and see what other people think about it .
But since you feel obligated to pay for it , we ca n't give it away for free anymore .
The second reason : I need to save money until I graduate .
Can anyone give me some advice and help me ?
If this is important to you , find a broker who offers this option .
For the past 3 months , I 've been living in Toronto and studying English to apply to a Canadian university .
I 'm so happy to receive your letter , and I want to give you the information you need .
best wishes
João Matos
Hello , Tom !
They are my old colleagues , and I 'm looking forward to meet them .
First of all , I think the Internet is very useful in data mining .
On the street , you can see a number of different clothing styles .
In addition , there is a lot of public transport which can drop you off in front of the park .
Then ride to the bus stop " Zličín " .
It is much more convenient if you walk to the city centre .
As soon as I know that you are back in Hong Kong , I will send you a few things .
I would prefer to sleep in a tent , because I think it is great fun and a bit more adventurous .
If you need tickets , let me know , and I 'll get in touch with the organisers .
In addition , today is a fine day even though the weather forecast predicted that it would rain this weekend .
And maybe you are , but you do n’t have to advertise it .
I am very happy to hear from you and I hope that you are well .
Best wishes
Andrew
Additionally , if we are eager to travel outside the town in order to have some rest from a hectic rhythm of life , it will be more comfortable for us to use our cars .
First of all , if you want to gain membership and make money , you have to target the right customer .
In northern Italy people eat at about 19 , whereas in southern Italy they eat at about 21 . I get home late and I have no time to cook elaborate meals so I usually cook a steak with vegetables .
Also , you should have a cold shower after and before you swim . This is good because your body temperature is hotter than the water in the pool and if you get into the pool very quickly you could have a problem with your body temperature .
Overall , people should think about what it would be like if we were famous people ... and then we can find the answer that all people , including famous people , need a private life and would like to have an ordinary life .
Many Japanese people would like to visit there .
The swim team is good because I can see a lot of my friends there .
and I believed that Wendy 's burgers were the best in the world .
They taste like a low - fat snack .
Even so , I do not know if it is grown or cooked in other countries .
We often eat spaghetti for lunch , because it 's really delicious , easy to make and has many varieties .
You only see that it is half empty , so you refuse to drink .
It is a flavour similar to stay in the heaven or in the paradise .
Nine out of ten people associate Japan with Sushi , but I strongly recommend you to sit down at a computer and see how wide the variety of food is in Japan .
If you come , I will father your children .
As most fast food contains too much fat , when we are eating a delicious meal we also take in a great amount of calories at the same time .
With the rapid development of Information Technology , computers play an important role in our daily life .
There are millions of working class citizens who have always been more than happy to be employed in factories , construction sites , restaurants , grocery stores , etc .
Many even use cars .
Travelling by car is preferred by some people because of its convenience and advantages .
Unfortunately , nowadays , this is something that tends to be prevented simply by reason of the fact that , as private companies have more money , public television can not afford them .
Travelling by car might be more pleasant , but it can also be costly , because fuel can be very expensive , depending on the current economy .
2 ; People need to work for it and you can buy things with it .
2 .
Secondly , public transport is better for the environment than using cars because a bus has more space than a car and many people can go on a bus , thus decreasing the amount of pollution and helping the environment .
However , in my view , placing a limit on public spending for the elderly does not mean that we do not care about the ageing population .
We have exploited resources on Earth and the population has been increasing day by day .
The government has to buy everything from them . Therefore , it is high prices that require the government to raise taxes .
If the majority of citizens , including the ones who live in the city centre , followed these ideas , this city would definitely be cleaner .
In conclusion , public transport is a cost - effective way for people to travel which also contributes to the sustainable development of society .
Nowadays , many people have their own favorite sports , but people are starting to ignore other sports except their favorite sport .
Other people think that watching television can be informative .
Of course , we all agree with the notion of competition .
In my opinion , I would say books are the most effective way of communicating information , even though books are not well accepted by everyone .
Moreover , lifelong learning empowers the elderly to lead a better lifestyle through social interaction and contribution to the community .
Admittedly , you need to read the treatment to understand what it is saying , but it 's not very complicated .
Furthermore , books develops imagination of reader .
I constantly see the images . To me , they usually resemble an after image you would see after looking at a bright light .
I can easily give it a five star rating , because all of the events that happen seem real in the movie , and they are events that could happen in real life .
If you want to see a good thriller , " Regression " will be your best option . I have seen it recently and , in my opinion , it should be seen by everyone , because I believe people would like it for many reasons .
In my opinion , even though people say shopping is not always enjoyable , there is always some fun you can have .
If you do the whole program , it can work .
Nowadays , there are many people who do sports , but other people prefer just watching them .
Everyone says it is really fun .
But ultimately , these are all incentives .
I have not seen the original , but this movie was bizarre .
In conclusion , I would like to say that there are different views about shopping and that 's not a surprise because we are all different .
One day , a little girl found a pretty doll in a closet .
my computer was broken . .
Emily is a lovely girl !
When he went ashore to hunt girls , he came across an old bookstore .
On the night she went missing , she was wearing a distinctive black - and - white patterned dress , black leggings , a white duffel coat and flat black shoes .
'' I tried to encourage him that everything would be OK , '' he said .
While she was thinking of him , he had found another . He said he could n't do it . He talked it over with his mother .
They are such a great group of kids- and all of them with totally unique personalities !
They decided to return to their father because he was old and he needed help .
She was eighteen years old , she had to be indepedent .
She hid the magazine until her father got home and showed it to him .
It seemed that everybody left the office already . . .
At that time I had no place to go ; my parents hatedwhen I underachieved but suddenly a fair - sounding voice floated to my ear . ' I ca n't deny what I believe , I ca n't be what I 'm not . ' I was astonished by the voice and lyrics which cheered me up .
One says `` you have to change `` , and another says `` you do n't have to change ! ``
And when they fly away . . .
The next day , she visited her grandmother in Merthyr , and when asked , said her hospital tests had gone OK .
It seemed that everybody left the office already . . .
" The girl was ranting and raving about whose home it was and they were telling her , ' If you leave here , you 're taking your baby with you , ' " McCowan said .
Tennis is considered a very individualistic sport .
When you break the rules , you deal with the consequences .
While waiting for it , you can play video games in the basement .
In winter , you need to put on heavy clothes , while in summer lighter clothes , a hat and a pair of glasses will be all you need .
Generally , the action moves too fast to aim for the head , but if you can , you should definitely go for it .
Indeed , health is not just about medicine .
If you do , you can improve yourself .
Thus , it is a game with a combination of mental and physical skills .
So the main advantage of modern technology is that things are becoming easier and easier .
I played tennis very hard .
It is true that many young people do extra activities related to sports , like football or basketball .
However , not all of them want to play sports .
It is not enough for something to be logical .
Although they want the best for their children , sometimes it is difficult because they are tired and they tend to prepare junk food and allow them to spend their time on the internet or playing with video games .
If you can speak English , you can live almost everywhere .
but it is too late .
You can play with your friends or in a team , or even alone , but this option is the most boring .
Create music !
Dears Ms. Ryan ,
My name is Emma . I 'm 16 years old and I believe that I would be perfect for this summer job .
I tend to lean towards Asian cuisine , and I know authentic Chinese , Japanese and Thai food is completely different than what 's available stateside .
I have worked two years for a well - known coffee franchise and previously for three years in a famous patisserie as an assistant chef , which has given me varied skills , like the ability to work with many different types of people and an extensive knowledge of cooking .
I enjoy fashion so much that my life has changed completely since I started to study fashion design and I discovered that fabrics , and colors , are really enjoyable .
I think that it is really good because there are a lot of people who want to help a woman .
I worked from five p . m . to nine a . m . It was a very hard schedule , but it was the best way to get sufficient money compared to other part time jobs .
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
Andrea Cocci
An Essay
Of course , when we are talking about children and education , it may seem a bit complicated since this subject has both advantages and disadvantages .
Do they expect us to study English just because English is a universal language ?
It will help us combat cynicism about politics and politicians . It will give us a first - hand understanding of how decision - making processes function .
A clear example is that watching television in another language is of vital importance if you aim to learn new vocabulary or improve your comprehension skills , and it makes studying a language really fun and enjoyable .
Making a plan is not easy , but it 's lots of fun .
But there is always a cost , and if you ask those operators to bear additional costs today , you are going to slow down the distribution of the product ; people who can not afford to pay for a mobile phone today will never be able to afford it .
Even though lots of problems still need to be solved , the benefits are far greater than disadvantages .
From my point of view , the Internet is useful for everyone , but we should not abuse it , and should carry out other activities .
For example , there are songs and videos available online and they can be downloaded directly into the mobile phone for listening or watching .
Football , a passion
I started to study another language when I was a child . I started learning English , because everyone said that English was the language of the future . When I finished school , I tried to study French but it was too difficult for me .
One of the recent explanations for America ’s failures in the Ryder Cup is that our players are individualists , that golf is not like football or basketball , in which you have to learn to work with others .
Have you ever thought about how the changes will affect our lives ?
The problem is , I think they are starting to see me as the enemy because I have my things in order , and often try to provide advice on how they should manage their situation .
I like football because it is a sport that I have played since I was small and I think that it is the most fun and exciting team sport .
Of course , I think it is important to study school subjects , but I also think that knowing how to live is very important , because there are many people who can not live by themselves .
To do a good job at anything , either you need to be more than sufficiently motivated or you need to be disciplined .
There is a swimming pool that is located inside my neighborhood .
Since I 've been to London , I like London very much .
Since 1988 , this Chinese restaurant has run for 20 years because of it 's clean sanitation , fresh ingredients , and , by extension , delicious dishes .
All of the salon 's employees are very cheerful and amiable to customers .
The office is made to look like a barn from the outside , but looks like a regular office when you get inside .
It 's a classic American style that suits everything from traditional interior designs to more modern decor styles and all at an affordable price .
It ’s an easy food that you can make in only a few minutes . For that reason , the arepa in Venezuela has become the most popular and traditional food .
We can eat a lot of different kinds of beef and pork .
There are many stalls that sell sweets , snacks , or seafoods .
There are many kinds of delicious seafood .
It 's a really interesting restaurant , because we serve vegan food .
There are many kinds of delicious seafood .
so when we go with the train we will never feel hungry because there is a lot of food there .
After a few kilometers , you will find a bus stop , but metro stations are built only in major areas .
The problem is , you have to spend the night there , too , and Charlotte does not have hostels or very cheap hotels in Uptown , which is where tourists are going to want to stay .
Some people have said that famous people such as politicians , and film stars , need to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
For famous people , having a private life is difficult , especially because we are all interested in their lives .
Whatever the diversion , the media is committed to not having a real discussion of the war , the economy , the environment , health care , etc .
His efforts are much appreciated . His efforts to educate and inform and bring public opinion along were commendable .
They are people who have no identity at all .
Some people are of the opinion that it is a positive phenomenon .
Notice any kind of failures .
The paradox of the situation is that everyone virtuously condemns this type of society , but very few venture to combat the causes , which are primarily the bureaucratization of certain social systems , the absence of community priority for employment and the release of a simplistic world free trade policy , which is a perversion of true free trade .
The rich and the powerful steal money from ordinary people to make their own lives more comfortable .
Firstly , private information of famous people is spread by the media all the time .
Yes , 11 hours is better than 4 months on a boat , and you get to meet cute native peoples all over the world ; no , most of us are forced to travel , for business , and see little and are abused by our surroundings on those awful planes .
Nowadays , many people still resist nuclear power because of its so-called danger , its waste and the fear of terrorists .
In conclusion , the use of advanced technology to track people should not be banned , as it promotes and enhances the protection of people in many aspects , hence , contributing to a better society .
Unfortunately , nowadays , this is something that tends to be prevented simply by reason of the fact that , as private companies have more money , public television can not afford them .
Nowadays , having a car is very expensive because you have to pay for a lot of things .
Therefore , if you want to save money , it is wise not to own private cars , but to use public transportation instead .
Global warming has become a concern to people due to its high emission of greenhouse gases from energy usage .
Therefore , if you want to save money , it is wise not to own private cars , but to use public transportation instead .
Therefore , if you want to save money , it is wise not to own private cars , but to use public transportation instead .
Nowadays , there are many modes of public transportation , such as underground , buses , etc . , but it is a reality that people prefer to travel by car .
However , as the world becomes more competitive and " smaller " , the government and public have realized the importance of sane policy and innovation .
In my opinion , fewer people are travelling by public transport and have started to buy their own cars , which are more comfortable to use whether you are in a hurry or not .
Unlike our ancestors , who lived in the past , we are now living in a world which is full of media .
There are more things besides these 5thing that change .
My current home PC has had so many installs and uninstalls , that I would prefer to work in a clean environment .
It 's obvious that life nowadays is really different from 50 years ago , so we can predict that people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
This is not one of the key issues , but it is an issue .
Nowadays , technology is more modern than in the past and people are always developing their inventions to make them more useful .
We need to have data that is manageable .
Maybe we do n’t need to care about our existence after death , cuz we already have an answer .
Whereas there are a lot of options , we rarely start learning other languages before we can communicate well in English .
With targeted keywords and careful management , you can get a large volume of customers to your site .
Technology has vastly improved during the past century and made life easier for the elderly around the world .
In the 21st century , we all have to contend with globalisation , which can be an opportunity but also a threat to humankind .
Further , continuous rising temperatures are impacting weather patterns and leading to natural disasters .
Terrorist activities causing havoc in public live .
On the other hand , big business has been able to suppress wages as a result of having a pool of workers who are not in a position to refuse even the most onerous working conditions .
Lastly , the advancement in science and technology has provided an immediate response for the elderly when they face any danger .
Military technology has affected our lives more than we think because most of the equipment we use was originally created by those people .
To whom it may concern ,
I 've studied English for more than 15 years , but I 'm not good at speaking and writing English .
If you consider my application , it would certainly be a great job opportunity for me to gain experience in the engineering field and develop my professional career .
And if you are not a thinker , this might be a perplexing question .
That 's soon said .
I am a conscientious person who works hard and pays attention to detail . I am flexible , quick to pick up new skills , and eager to learn from others .
The reason why I got interests in nutrition is because I had become a vegetarian when I was 20 years old .
I love nature , so I like to do things associated with nature ; especially outdoor sports .
The first lesson I learned was how to communicate properly with different people , including classmates , professors and people of different social status .
I 've been staying here for 4 weeks , and I have met many people who have helped me become accustomed to life here .
If you are interested in this website , I suggest you use it .
If you find this acceptable , we ask you to include your e - mail address .
Greetings .
On the other hand , phones , especially mobile phones , are playing an increasingly important part in our lives .
I am sure I am the right person for the job - because I have patience with children . I know what they enjoy doing , and my cooking skills are very useful too .
They miss me , and the baby wanted to know why I could not " come over " .
That 's why I need to like not only animals , but also humans and I have to have an ability to communicate with them , especially because animals can not express what they think using words .
it is easy to understand . and there are warm and cute characters .
In my opinion , modern technology has changed our daily life tremendously .
I have my website for presenting my artwork , and I often get messages via email or comments through the website , which is written in English .
In my opinion , modern technology has changed our daily life tremendously .
Friends must always be in your life .
There are moments of happiness , and moments of bliss .
It is hard to deny that without money you can be happy .
If you do not see anything , it does not mean that it does not exist .
This is important because people can share topics easily regardless of their surroundings .
There are smart people everywhere , and the more they can share ideas , the easier it will be to find the building blocks of a new economic life .
There are plenty of websites where you can search for people , meet them and chat with people with the same interests .
In summary , I believe that all people , even journalists , need to talk to people about how they feel about politics .
Trinity Mirror is the UK 's biggest regional publisher and owns the national tabloid , The Daily Mirror .
For 30 years , we 've been dedicated to covering travel , sports , adventure , health and fitness , as well as the personalities , the environment , and the style and culture of the world outside .
there are plenty of advertisements for jobs and donations to help individuals .
readers are able to express their opinion freely .
Moreover , Japanese children think that speaking English with the correct pronunciation is not cool .
Nowadays , employers seek employees who are able to write and speak well in English .
On the other hand , I think there are two aspects that could change the current situation .
However , there is a problem and that is that the film shows a lot of violence and it should not be seen by children , only by teenagers or older people .
Apple is one of the most successful IT companies in the world .
Nowadays , technology is more modern than in the past and people are always developing their inventions to make them more useful .
Currently , many people are talking about whether we need the government to help us , since we can solve important problems by ourselves or with help from other family members .
In my opinion , advances in technology could cause some problems .
Secondly , doctors have found the cure for many diseases and many operations have been done in less time and in a painless way . By using special machines doctors have been able to save more lives than in the past .
Firstly , it has made communication more convenient for us .
A majority of people are far too stupid to ever effectively use a computer .
These are very cheap and people who do not have a car use them to go everywhere . However , this mode of transport is not so comfortable , because sometimes you have to travel with lots of people .
Some people think that buying things is very boring and unnecessary .
We know that the government can not create jobs in the private sector .
But most southerners do not think of technicalities .
They insist on not using tablets at school .
Some people prefer conventional books , because they like the smell of paper .
Although I agree mostly with those who promote network neutrality , they are often dead wrong about one thing .
We must recognize thatsome people do not have enough food .
I favor the fact that technology has to be made more accessible to people rather than people changing their ways to adapt to technology .
Mistake
I was shocked when I heard my mom 's words , because I noticed that she believed that I was the most wonderful son .
She is scheduled for major surgery tomorrow ... It is driving me crazy ... I am thankful that the hospital is 5 minutes away .
When she finally told him , Pat reacted in a very bad way and told John immediately .
This performance was just too much .
I know that the reason MJ wants to leave is because of the affair .
I think I should concentrate on what is going on now .
It was weird how many questions and doubts came up on his head .
Of course , I do n’t know the answer to that , but as important as having a baby may be to someone ( it ’s not that important to me ) , you should not only think of yourself and what you want .
This woman , who stands next to him , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
He wanted to receive some meaningful presents , not just a birthday cake .
He could n't move .
There were feelings of relief that I was afraid of .
After seeing how Stylist begged her , she could n’t bear to hurt him anymore .
Everyone thinks I am selfish and I totally agree with them , but I have lost the will to care about these things anymore .
Her voice , her smile and even her body was to wrong on this moment .
When we started talking about adoption , especially interracial adoption , with other adoptive parents , we were told that we would be shocked at the number of people that would ask about our child ’s background , effectively his or her life story .
He is constantly bothering me , but I try to ignore him because of the little respect he has for me , and then he goes and tells my dad some bullshit story .
In reality , it was also a mess .
Although he had been trying to hide this , his personal problems were obvious and Magda did n't feel happy with him .
The only thing that both of us know for sure is that we like each other and want to be together .
As Sammy did something , we heard dogs barking . Sammy came back out saying that he was finding out if it was ok for him to stay and that we had to wait for him .
After everything that had happened , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I really like it because this is not a game in which you only play with a ball .
Regarding activities , I can say that I like every sport , but basketball and tennis would be perfect for me .
First reason is that I can clean my house easily .
If I go to a gym , I need several minutes to get there , to change clothes , and to take a shower after exercising .
First of all , I was too busy but it did not matter because I enjoyed this experience a lot .
First , public transport is neither comfortable nor safe .
I prefer this type of accommodation because I am used to living in tents during my summer holidays .
First , I have to admit that I hate all kinds of sports , because I know I 'm not good at them .
One of the big problems is that teens are already afraid of STDs but they tend to think it is worth it to take the risk because sex would be that great .
Most of our youth have their eyes set on a job in public administration . They all want to be civil servants and , although we know that civil servants are vital for a properly run public administration , we have to accept that they do not create wealth .
They do not want to learn so much because they just watch movies for fun .
At present , the Singapore government has taken a very proactive role in dealing with population ageing and various policies to enhance the quality of life of older people have been put in place .
By the way , most of the fast food products in the US are also available in Europe , and the problems here are also very evident , but fortunately the fast food industry here has not yet managed to warp most people ’s appetite for good food .
There are increasing calls for more community action on animal welfare , but we should be careful that this does not distract attention from the responsibility of all parties to promote higher standards .
Acknowledging the increasing environmental consciousness of people all over the world , builders are trying to lure investments back to the market by constructing energy - efficient houses and buildings that save energy or reduce the load required .
On the other hand , there are those who are convinced that we are just wasting our resources in redesigning buildings .
Therefore , we should appreciate the hard work of scientists in the lab and medical center since it has improved old age in many aspects .
However , the use of recycled water for daily routines is less common , because many people are repelled by the thought of water that comes from our toilets or drains .
While I agree that affordability is a problem in new urbanism , there ’s a pretty good reason : new urbanism creates places people want to live , which in a free market drives up prices .
Well , I am not really complaining cos I enjoyed the work there .. explosure is really great and I get to lunch with Chris , who is not too far away .
I asked the store assistants for help , but they did not know where my parents were .
I feel lonely when I see many couples on the street .
Tonite I 'm going with Cortez and I guess I 'll just have to find a place to stay the night cuz I told my mom that I was staying the night at Jazmine 's house .
Not in India where I wo n't get the tools I need ( maybe that ’s untrue ) .. The truth is , I wanted to work in LA , even if that meant without pay .
After I finished opening the bar , I tried to order some food because I was starving . But sadly , the restaurant could not deliver food because of the frozen road due to the heavy snow .
Surprisingly , we made over $ 450 except the main goal was to get rid of all the stuff in our basement and attic .
He thought that his wife made a mistake adjusting the clock because of summer time .
Nick Kehn is gon na come and so is Marty , I think .
Now , I am very tired from walking around the university and talking so much with my friends , but I have to read some books and practice my English before I go to bed . It is now midnight .
Suddenly , I heard some weird noises coming from the bushes while I was walking home .
The Respondent wanted me to have sex with him there , with another couple watching .
As I came around the corner , I saw a man that looked like my boss walk into the cooler .
And in my opinion , a dog should be big , because those little creatures are more like rats and also they are normally angry ( maybe the reason is their size - they need to constantly protect themselves ) .
One of them fell down by accident and his eyes turned white and then the other hunter quickly took out his phone to call the emergency center for help .
But it was eaten by birds .
I took medicine and rinsed my mouth with salt water ( now I remember why I hate the beach ) , then I watched the daily show and fell asleep without knowing it .
This is a sad thing , because obviously , if I have the time today to write this post , it means that none of these things have happened yet .
EVENTUALLY THE ROBBER WAS CAUGHT BY THE POLICE , AND FOR HIS BRAVERY AND HONESTY HE HAD A LOT OF FRIENDS .
Why do we want to have pets ?
What benefits do you obtain while exercising ?
Nowadays what we most need is to find ways to prevent childhood obesity because nowadays it is a very common sickness that attacks more and more children every day , causing them to feel bad about themselves .
Moreover , you can feel good after a hard workout since you can get rid of a lot of stress from your work or daily life .
Finally , it is a good way of travelling because it is safer than travelling in a car or on a motorbike and also because you are much more relaxed than in a car and it saves time , too .
When someone says ' Olympics ' , you think of track and field , swimming , volleyball , basketball , and other mainstream sports .
Since they are required to devote a lot of effort to becoming strong Sumo wrestlers , it 's not easy for them to learn things other than Sumo .
I also take pleasure in playing tennis , for the benefits of practising sports and staying active .
I hope you wo n't be disappointed . . .
Firstly , many people think public transport has no future because travelling by car is faster and more independent .
In view of the aging population problem , some people argued that we should not limit public and financial assistance to the elderly because of the increasing number of elderly in an aging population .
These conflicting ideas are both wrong .
Firstly , many people think public transport has no future because travelling by car is faster and more independent .
Therefore , if you want to save money , it is wise not to own private cars , but to use public transportation instead .
Compared to the use of public transport , one can not deny the convenience of using a car for moving around .
The Conservative spokesman for the North East said : " Under Labour , fewer homes have been built , in the wrong places and of the wrong kind .
And the remote .... what would I do without the remote that controls every aspect of my system , and makes watching movies so enjoyable ?
It is clear that Internet has both positive and negative points .
Cars are faster than public transport , so cars are more convenient than public transport . They are easier , faster and more comfortable , especially for long distances . So , governments should improve public transport as not all people have cars .
You have no benefits , no days off , and no way of gaining ownership of assets such as property and vehicles .
The new job responsibilities can only be justified by doubling my salary , but I do n’t expect that to happen .
So , we recruit persons form 15 years old to 22 years old .
Although we can choose more destinations and it is more comfortable , prices are not competitive enough to definitively substitute the car .
( Kamil Tuek , 2006 ) In fact , the number of incidents that may lead to severe accidents has been declining in recent years .
In addition , some people do not like travelling in their private cars on the highways because they fear accidents .
It was a mistake to rush into health care , he believes , but now that the party is down the road , it would be suicide to turn back .
Also , with today 's machines , factories have significantly increased their production , which brings progress to humanity , but also , with the continuous replacement of men by machines , unemployment is increasing too , and today , it worries every single citizen of the world , specially the ones who live in third world countries .
In recent years , the voluntary sector has become more ramified .
Firstly , many people think public transport has no future because travelling by car is faster and more independent .
Topic :
Is it naive to think that the only way to pick a candidate is to vote for the person with moral character and personal integrity ?
I think that the most important factor to maintain a good relationship is to be considerate . Please think about what actions will make people uncomfortable .
A mistake is something you may do unintentionally . However , people believe that mistakes can later be improved or ignored , whereas sometimes we may make mistakes that could break somebody 's heart .
If we are ever going to mention a person 's appearance , it should generally be a positive comment , otherwise we should keep it to ourselves .
It is better to see now than before .
In fact , when an embryo is used in this way , a potential human being is eliminated , which clearly contradicts the value attached to the declared goal of saving other human lives .
For example , imagine that you are a bride and you have to buy an appropriate outfit .
I hate people to be mad at me or unhappy , so I often compromise or just give up .
Instead of doing so , people may praise her with other things on her .
In that case , I should change the brand to eliminate the odds .
People look for something new but it is not so easy to be creative all the time . Teenagers are bored with casual fashion and their parents laugh at them because of the fact they wear ordinary clothes .
There are some old people who are interested in knowing how technology works , but others who are not interested at all .
If I went home earlier than I was supposed to , it meant that the other workers would need to make up for my absence .
If you know whether it is true or not ,
Later in the evening , I was chatting with Erik and he pointed out how this was like renewing our wedding vows .
At the beginning of the meeting , one person whom I had never seen joined the meeting .
After everything that had happened , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Firstly , a professor whom we invited gave a lecture during the morning .
hahah ~ I knewthere was no handsome and suited boy around him , so I thought it was enough to stop him from continuing to ask this question .
There was nothing to stop things from falilng into the house .
But my family had trouble , so I had to solve the problem immediately .
I missed the point but I have really no idea what my teacher wants to hear from me because I was absent when she assigned the task .
5It is n't the way I hoped it would be .
Yesterday , my classmates and I went to our teacher 's second work place , `` Mexican Cafe `` . There were about 20 people , all from different classes , but from the same school .
At the second presentation , the other four native instructors gathered around just in order to ask questions and give comments after our presentation .
For those who say we are selfish and ungreatful for wanting to put together the missing pieces of our lives together , you are really ignorant to say the least .
Lauren L. and I were eager to go , and we asked Coach Bob if we could go to our lockers .
“ We fill those cars and vests using good techniques and lots of explosives , but the American military will not let journalists go to the site of the incidents and make honest and real reports , ” he said .
Most teachers also have a biased view of the students .
Dear Summer Camp Director ,
My name is Emma . I 'm 16 years old and I believe that I would be perfect for this summer job .
In addition , I believe I am suitable for this position because I have the ability to speak with people of different nationalities in English and French , and I am enthusiastic about camping .
I like to eat at home , primarily because I like to cook and share dishes with my friends and parents .
I enjoy fashion so much that my life has changed completely since I started to study fashion design and I discovered that fabrics , and colors , are really enjoyable .
The way of learning English I like most is watching drama movies ; I can learn some sentences or words from the actors ' conversations , and I like to observe the actors ' emotional expressions .
So , I am in a bad mood , because I understand that they can spend their time how they want . However , I am jealous .
Each person has a favourite sport and so do I. I really like soccer because it is exciting and I can learn many things when I play it .
Therefore , because old friends know me well and understand my feelings and mind , it is more comfortable being with them .
I hope you will answer my letter and tell me if you are interested in my proposition .
Bianca
This is day number 9 .
We tried many times to get back into the trailer park , but the National Guard was there , blocking all entries because no one knows if it is safe to return yet .
It ’s sad that these children will really start going through abuse now that they are separated from their mothers & in the hands of strangers . They could have kept the mothers with the children till there was proof of abuse & a trial was held .
And for those that say that I have no idea what I ’m talking about .. yes I ’m an adopted child that has known my parents for over 33 years . My birth parents are not in my life nor do I feel the need to search them out , they had their chance but life put us on a different path , that is just the way it is .
Both the smallpox vaccine and penicillin are tremendous discoveries that have saved people 's lives and have been milestones in medicine that led people to explore new areas to fight diseases however ; the procedure of finding these two discoveries and the development of them are different .
Yet we decided that we needed to take a break and get some healing .
Owing to the cold temperature , I woke up once at about three , so got a blanket because there was a blanket in the room , and I went back to sleep .
Big cities in Japan are very busy , and it is necessary to move people along smoothly .
This part of the city is ready to receive tourism because there is intensive control on access to the old town by car .
Nowadays , having a car is very expensive because you have to pay for a lot of things .
In my opinion , the swimming pool is convenient because you can walk to swim if you live in town , but it is very expensive , particularly for young people .
For instance , fashionable people like to live in a big city because they can see all the new fashions at the mall .
Economically speaking , it is the most effective way to bring broadband within the reach of all Europeans , regardless of where they live and without discrimination .
In and of themselves , these scooters sound quite safe , but America is a very different driving environment than Europe : in Europe , roads are much better than they are in America .
It is obvious that everyone , no matter if they are famous or not , deserves to have a private life .
Really , I think they use famous actors since there is a certain kinky allure to having 3D models of your favorite actors … viewable from any angle .
I believe that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time for some reasons .
The only thing I am worried about is that someone might hit me and try to steal my money because I have heard there are people who assaulted and stole money from people at ATMs in Japan .
This is because students need to make several trips to the supermarket and select clothes carefully which suits them and school life .
Some people have said that famous people such as politicians , and film stars , need to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
I agree with the statement , that famous people deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
Too many of them find it much easier to buy prescription medications “ on the street ” than to deal with doctors and insurance companies , especially since so many lack insurance .
There is a disease that has affected almost everyone in the town ... there are still about 50 normal people in the town , not counting us .
I believe in letting workers keep as much of the money they earn as possible , but I believe the government has a role to play in aiding those less fortunate .
The Maze Runner
I watched a movie called ' Almost Famous ' just now and this is one of my favorite movies .
If you want to see a good thriller , " Regression " will be your best option . I have seen it recently and , in my opinion , it should be seen by everyone , because I believe people would like it for many reasons .
I think that it is a very strange phenomenon because most young people have never seen the original cartoon .
The adaptation of the Don DeLillo novel follows a 28 - year - old financial wizard and billionaire riding around Manhattan in his limo for 24 hours , stuck in traffic , while he cheats on his wife , is stalked , and loses his fortune .
He has never told us why he did it .
In this case , the main protagonists finally get to a remote village to meet an elderly African woman , only to find she 's " gone out " and no one knows when she 'll return .
The people who lives in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves from the menaces of the maze .
Basically , the story is that Alice is out to stop the zombies that escaped from the hive .
We were not allowed to leave our tents during the night or until the day started , because of the dangerous animals which live there .
In many ways , this is the opposite of Toy Story 3 as it shows what can happen if you not only hang on to your toys , but keep playing with them .
It seems to me that Mr. Fish is extending the argument of his recent essays , which I hope are intended to humble the proud who would put themselves above the common run of humanity without having actually achieved anything out of the ordinary .
However , I have never done surfing before but I have always wanted to learn how to do it and I believe this would be my best chance to do so .
For example , if you play basketball and the ball is passed regularly , then your team is more likely to win because passes cause confusion and exhaustion for the opposing team .
In a way , I want this , but I know that it 's just to feel wanted , not because I 'm interested in them .
We know we 'll have to go for it , play good passes and create many moves . We have many players who can score .
The town where I live is a small town .
My town is very beautiful and I like it very much because there are not any dirty streets in it .
They are very professional , friendly , and seem to have respect for all of the workers .
It 's a very nice place , particularly because there is a community pool .
One time per week on Wednesday , robbish are taken .
Secondly , it 's quite easy to deposit plastic , paper and glass in different recycling bins .
But now , it is not so sensational because nowadays stories have more variety .
All my neighbors in the same way collected garbage .
We clean every place of our house , including wiping the windows and
There is a pretty street and small shops and also a beautiful park .
In my opinion , the swimming pool is convenient because you can walk to swim if you live in town , but it is very expensive , particularly for young people .
This is because I can enjoy seasonal events there .
I have worked two years for a well - known coffee franchise and previously for three years in a famous patisserie as an assistant chef , which has given me varied skills , like the ability to work with many different types of people and an extensive knowledge of cooking .
There were two rooms , smoking room or non - smoking room .
The decor was very simple and chic with abstract paintings hanging on the wall which would allude to the style of desserts being served here .
After coming back to London , I went to a restaurant and ate fish and chips , which is a typical British food .
Nothing was really spicy , but the spices used were clearly fresh and well mixed .
It is really well - paid compared to other Japanese restaurants .
I also would prefer to sleep in tents , which are more comfortable , and , because I have been doing lots of camping , I am quite used to this kind of accommodation .
However , the use of RFID in tracking people has brought about a lot of controversy .
They play an important role in our midnight society .
Having been afraid of radioactivity , people have bought a lot of bottled water and stocked it .
While some propose that giving individuals the authority to decide curbs arising ethical implications like discrimination , this in fact stops physicians from preventing illnesses and saving more lives .
All of the theprofit in cannabis is due to its illegality .
Nowadays what we most need is to find ways to prevent childhood obesity because nowadays it is a very common sickness that attacks more and more children every day , causing them to feel bad about themselves .
The loss of forests puts all humanity at risk , but this risk and this impact is not shared equally by all of us .
We know that , in Europe , people move around a great deal : they move around for work purposes , as tourists and to study , and in all those circumstances , European citizens are entitled to the proper treatment their health requires when they are moving around .
While we have to take security precautions , I hope that we will not allow barriers to be created between us and the electorate , because that is exactly what the perpetrators want : to undermine democratic society .
Some may want you to believe that investing in charter schools harms our public education system , but I see it as just the opposite .
Hi Shrooq ,
Once again , I am very happy to have such a good opportunity and I hope this letter tells you what you want to know about me .
" Let 's just take the train " When I got home today I gave the lady at Summer Search a call . I was supposed to call at lunch but forgot .
Sometimes that country road leads to a dead end , so you may backtrack and get back onto the freeway , or choose another road .
It is so great to finally meet you ! "
All for now .
Jun .
Dear Sarah ,
But it is natural that summer days are hot .
In Japan , it 's different to choose clothes in this season because hot days and cool days come alternately .
For adventurers there is the mysterious Alcatraz , the world - famous prison for the most dangerous criminals which is now opened for tourists as a museum , or the Golden Gate bridge with its graceful shapes and enormous size .
For example , when you go to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City , you can see lots of historical monuments and items belonging to American history and also other countries ' history .
Also , you can travel to different places and longer distances , whereas while boating , for example , you can only travel to places where there is a connection to the sea .
In my opinion , the swimming pool is convenient because you can walk to swim if you live in town , but it is very expensive , particularly for young people .
I do not recommend listening to it too carefully .
I hope that you enjoy watching the video .
Augusto .
My favorite character in Harry Potter is Snape .
He 's the 2nd child of the family .
Michael is a teenage boy who lives with his parents .
Meghan is very white , like me , and she has blonde hair and blue eyes .
He is commonly seen wearing sleeveless t - shirts and old dirty sneakers .
Whenever Zak is being all immature , everyone tells him to stop , but he just ignores them and keeps stealing people 's stuff because he wants more attention .
They always annoy the schoolteacher and their parents .
At school , John is always first in his class – not because he is clever and wants to be , but because he is scared of failing and getting beaten by his teachers .
Whenever Zak is being all immature , everyone tells him to stop , but he just ignores them and keeps stealing people 's stuff because he wants more attention .
The characters in the movie were all attractive .
When I originally saw the preview , I thought this movie would be completely stupid , but it is far funnier than " Dodgeball " and funnier than " Anchorman . "
Mr. Leno , who was magnanimous at first , has grown defensive and even somewhat surly , which clashes with his Teflon comic persona but is somewhat understandable : a jeering jury of his peers , including Jimmy Kimmel of ABC , portrayed him as a piggish diva who stole “ The Tonight Show ” after giving it to Mr. O’Brien .
It was rainy the morning of the day after Thanksgiving .
Sure , it was strange , but I was n’t about to complain much .
I 'm gon na sleep on the couch for the rest of the day ...
Just then , there was a knock at the door of Scott 's apartment .
Who could it be ?
Who would have even bothered to pay me a visit during this bloody awful weather ?
When I insisted on an explanation , I was told that the chief cook was on holiday !
I have n't had such a good time in weeks .... But I woke up Sunday morning to discover that I am developing a cold .
After I removed it , I found an envelope at the bottom .
In the nicest possible way , Robin expressed his disappointment that I had written about his book without having read it .
And then , I received a present from him , which was a pretty purse because my friend had thought my purse was very old .
Fifty thousand pounds , to be precise .
For a while , I thought that buying a house in the countryside might be the way forward , but the sheer enormity of the tasks confronting me combined with my ignorance of everything to do with growing things filled me with despair .
Like my fellow members , I do not believe it perpetuates legal uncertainty , because a lot has happened in the last three years .
Because it is an old city , there are not many big shops near the station .
I am a suitable person for the job because I am used to working with children of all ages , but I prefer to play with kids between 8 and 12 years old . Also , I am always trying to improve different activities to avoid getting bored , and I do not mind working in other areas of the camp .
First of all , there is no Internet .
Gradually , people in the city are becoming cautious with respect to the environment and they are trying their best to keep it clean and safe .
Most are famous because they expose their private life and all their interests are in making money .
The main one is that nowadays people are incredibly busy with their day to day life , so that they do n't like to spend their valuable time waiting for regular transport . Also , public transport causes lots of pollution which is harmful for human beings .
When I take their lessons , I enjoy talking with them .
Gradually , people in the city are becoming cautious with respect to the environment and they are trying their best to keep it clean and safe .
One of the reasons for why I 'm writing this article is that I know it will improve my English writing skills , and also because I like to write , I like to share my ideas through the Internet and see what other people think about it .
People are now self - centred and very narrow minded .
Or in the world , they will not care for the old people as they think old people are useless etc .
Dear Mrs. Ryan :
While reading the Daily Times this morning , I came across an article sent in by Michael Marcavage , a man who lives in the borough .
To begin with , I would like to tell you that I am really interested in the course because I think it would provide me with some professional advantages in my career as a school teacher .
First , I have to save more money because I also want to travel abroad before graduating from university .
I have worked in Harrods for five years as a shopping assistant , and now I am working at the Apple Store in Covent Garden as floor manager . I am in charge of 15 employees .
In addition , I am used to working hard , so I can also help in the kitchen .
East Harlem , home to a cornucopia of fried foods that cover a range of ethnic tastes — tostones , chicken fried steak , pork rinds , egg rolls , refried beans , cuchifritos , French fries and onion rings , among others — has a bad reputation when it comes to good nutrition .
Furthermore , I have an excellent relationship with the people I work with , although I very often strike people as bossy and unfriendly .
I hope I can continue to enjoy outdoor activities on weekends and sometimes on weekdays .
Also , I have good social skills and can speak two languages ; English and Spanish .
For any comments or suggestions to improve the game , please reply to this e - mail .
To begin with , I would like to tell you that I am really interested in the course because I think it would provide me with some professional advantages in my career as a school teacher .
I am applying for this position because I would like to work as an organizer .
I thank you for your attention and for your constructive contributions to this file .
Yours Sincerely ,
María Luisa Castaneda del Acuna
Nowadays , the development of transportation has had a huge impact on modern society .
In view of the graying population , many developed nations have come up with policies to encourage childbirth .
Due to the convenience of having a mobile phone , the number of mobile phone users has increased drastically over the years .
Secondly , public transportation is usually very crowded and makes us not feel safe , since there is an opportunity for us to be robbed .
But in reality , you have accomplished many things .
Therefore , if you want to save money , it is wise not to own private cars , but to use public transportation instead .
Despite the fact that using cars is expensive , many people still prefer to use their own vehicles because it saves their valuable time .
With rising costs in healthcare , some people propose that smokers pay more for health insurance because smoking - related illness accounts for a high precentage of healthcare costs .
In conclusion , public transport is a cost - effective way for people to travel which also contributes to the sustainable development of society .
We must allow people to have a better life and , if we can lower the costs , our economy will improve and ordinary people will benefit from it .
And people will demand alternative options when they save money .
With an automobile , it is much easier for a person to visit their family .
My home is not far from the station .
But when it comes to travelling , it 'll be more convenient if you have a car , because you will not want to go where everybody goes .
But if you take the bus , you have to get off at a bus stop , which may be a bit far from where you want to go .
Nowadays , the Internet is used not only for exchanging essays , but also for shopping , banking , listening to music , watching movies , and so on .
In my opinion , public transport is more expensive and it is less comfortable than a car , because a car is faster than public transport .
It is more convenient .
Cars and buses all drive at high speed .
Buses are much more convenient for driving kids to schools .
Buses are more reliable .
Moreover , it is faster to travel by car than by any other public transport - planes are an exception to this rule .
Nowadays , having a car is very expensive because you have to pay for a lot of things .
In conclusion , there are pros and cons of capitalism .
In my opinion , the government should take care of all areas , whether an area is rich or poor .
But public transport has advantages : If we use it is an essential mode of transport for travelling .
In conclusion , public transport is a cost - effective way for people to travel which also contributes to the sustainable development of society .
( on the IELT test )
Dear Pauline ,
Thank you for your letter , and sorry for my late reply .
I hope you will consider my application . This would actually be a wonderful experience for me .
To begin with , I would like to tell you that I am really interested in the course because I think it would provide me with some professional advantages in my career as a school teacher .
However , I think that it is not an easy thing to achieve because of the limited information about scholarships .
However , it 's certainly true that we can take paid vacations more easily during this time of the year , whereas we normally have difficulty taking days off .
If you go through the exam smoothly , this shows you are a successful student , and will have a good future .
To get a visa , I would have needed an employer to sponser me , or say that I would be working in Seoul , not just hanging around .
So if you are very smart and able to work effectively , you might be unsatisfied with your salary .
I have to be at work at nine on most days , but the main problem is that I am still living at home , which means that I have to commute into town .
All in all , the weekend was a tremendous life experience .
I 'm not going to pay $ 100 for one of your friends to go to a concert ... if it was me or your mum going with you , then I would buy both .
Therefore , if you choose to enter my life , now know that you have to earn my trust .
You need to take care of yourself now .
Favius
I just realized that the past year has been the most emotionally stressful of my life .
These are things that get on my nerves .
He has to deal with it , the sooner the better .
This man is loathed by all who know him , but for some unknown reason , he 's able to claim this girl .
He thinks they 're ugly , but it 's not really his decision .
I have tried to break up with him , but I ca n't seem to let him go .
She 's an intelligent girl .
If he starts a fight for a stupid reason , then he will have to make up for that .
In fact , it is an important decision .
I love him too much to break up with him again .
Perhaps next Friday , but not now .
It all started in such an idiotic way .
She realized there was a camera in the bag , opened the door and saw a man run out of the store with the bag at about 7 p.m.
And then there were the tapes , and Lori refused to buy me a tape player for my birthday ( but it was ok because of what she did get me ) .
I know it was most definitely not the right thing to do .
I certainly could n't .
But after Michael read the first letter , and found out that Sophie was a princess , he thought he was just a game for her .
Dear Sir or Madam :
Like all other applicants , I want to be offered a position in one of the top 20 universities and also want to be granted a fellowship .
Because I was a third - year student in junior high school , I had to prepare for an entrance examination .
If you consider my application , it would certainly be a great job opportunity for me to gain experience in the engineering field and develop my professional career .
The reason is that I am working with people who can use only English to communicate .
I think I am a suitable person to care for children , because I like working with kids . It is not the first time I have worked with children .
When I was a child , I seldom had time to play games with my peers , because my parents always asked me to study .
I am a conscientious person who works hard and pays attention to detail . I am flexible , quick to pick up new skills , and eager to learn from others .
I think I would be suitable for this job , because I am young , energetic , enthusiastic and have always enjoyed working with children .
Alexis Kostibas , a young man I do know , is visiting us here in sunny LA .
If you consider my application , it would certainly be a great job opportunity for me to gain experience in the engineering field and develop my professional career .
I look forward to seeing you when you arrive here .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
However , I would like to talk about public finance policy .
I was born and brought up in Japan , and now I am a 23 - year - old university student .
It is a major obstacle that I need to conquer if I decide to go abroad for my master 's degree .
The English language is a foreign language for me , but I have studied it for ten years and hopefully I will manage to pass the exam .
English is a worldwide language , so a lot of countries and people use it . However , Japanese and other small languages are only spoken by their countries ' people or by those who want to speak these languages .
I have already passed an exam which allows me to take regular classes , so my grades for these classes are actually not that important .
I envy some employees who work individually because they can perfectly control their work time and they will take advantage of this system .
As a result , many high school students may not concentrate during classes , or whilst studying , since they have many things going through their heads ( since they 've been studying a lot ) .
What truly bothers me is how some people , when they debate the issues , can not avoid personal attacks .
I do n’t wish to say this , but there are a few students who are very disruptive .
The reason why I would like to take part in this internship , through the AISEC organization , is that I want to work in a foreign country .
So , I have been learning English since I was ten but my professors did a very bad job . I 'm not good at speaking or writing but understanding someone who speaks English is very easy for me , because I watch far too many American movies and TV shows .
Owning a vechicle is very convenient and gives you independence .
But there is always a cost , and if you ask those operators to bear additional costs today , you are going to slow down the distribution of the product ; people who can not afford to pay for a mobile phone today will never be able to afford it .
The reason why I say so is because , a couple months ago , I saw a Japanese recruiting agency 's website about Thailand .
Being a Pioneer Smart School , I was exposed to IT and then fell in love with it .
Then a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began .
Because from the day before yesterday , it is what is called Higan week in Japan .
We were to meet at a restaurant in Fat City , famous for their steaks and mashed potatoes .
Tonight I went on a long walk with Michelle , one of my best friends , and it was the greatest walk ever .
Finally , we ate peaches and watermelons .
Azul Historico is a different restaurant and is located on the patio of an old building in the zocalo . The type of architecture of the place is colonial and between the tables are some trees , and these trees shade the diners when they are eating .
East Harlem , home to a cornucopia of fried foods that cover a range of ethnic tastes — tostones , chicken fried steak , pork rinds , egg rolls , refried beans , cuchifritos , French fries and onion rings , among others — has a bad reputation when it comes to good nutrition .
After he bought them , we met my parents and Denise and went to the movies to see The Last Samurai .
The town is very small , but is known for its traditional cityscape , where I could see beautiful antique gas lamps standing along stone streets and some buildings which had been built about 100 years ago .
It ’s an easy food that you can make in only a few minutes . For that reason , the arepa in Venezuela has become the most popular and traditional food .
What fun ! !
In Puerto Rico , 500 volunteers cleaned the beaches of Vaciatalega and La Perla , located in the vicinity of Old San Juan .
Today 's menu items were rice , miso soup , vegetable salad , and some ham and eggs .
At the moment , I am reading `` La casa de los espritus `` by Isabel Allende and next I will be reading `` Rayuela `` by Julio Cortazar .
As most fast food contains too much fat , when we are eating a delicious meal we also take in a great amount of calories at the same time .
The moral of the story is - do n't let the free drinks get to your head .
Because I can not buy the Lush 's pack in Irvine .
Helen told me about her plans for this holidays : in July her family will go to Prague ( Czech Republic ) , and in August she will go to Manchester with her English friends who lived in Moscow .
At night , we went to a Korean restaurant , and enjoyed spicy foods ,
coz ' those kinds of food are very healthy and tasty .
A waterfall ?
Ice cream in Tepoznieves .
But the actual summer , from June to August , belonged to my mother , the swimmer , who gave up swimming when we came to America .
And for some reason , the typical christmas menu includes grilled chicken legs and strawberry shortcakes .
After we saw the movie , we went to a record store and bought the soundtrack .
We were craving some chocolate , so we went down to the Reefside Grill ( at our resort ) and ate some cheesecake .
The bowling was fun , and afterwards we all went to the Spring Garden Chinese restaurant to have dinner .
I love working with Eric at work . He is the only person I enjoy working with .
If not , go and sleep in the Gugenhiem ! ! !
If their themes are considered , it is immediately clear that Dickens builds an extraordinary image of Victorian society , with a wide range of characters and stories which reveal the conditions of children and the poor ; whereas the Brontes ' novels contain the Byronic hero , a male figure with a dark past who wants to find some revenge , in the case of Heatcliff in " Wuthering Heights " or forgiveness in the case of Mr Rochester in " Jane Eyre " .
He falls for his brother 's assistant , Florence , played by Greta Gerwig , but mental issues and an awareness of his own shortcomings make him unpredictable and abusive .
Of course , she has never seen the money .
In other words , Darrel is a very dull boy .
Under normal , everyday conditions , Eugene is quiet and shy but friendly and fairly obedient .
Clemens always seems like a man with not much room for nuance , and he may actually believe what he is saying .
Mosley is more interested in the relationships that define his hero 's life : with his family , with friends and lovers , and with all the people who either help or hinder him as he moves through a dangerous world .
I have not seen people take psychiatric drugs frivolously or on a lark , but I have seen people take such drugs when a change in lifestyle could have helped just as much , if not more .
It 's going to be a daunting task , but I feel that in the end I will have an original and unique story that I could actually sell to a publishing company .
She looks like an angel that God is still looking for .
To really grasp the meaning of this metaphysical line , it is best left to the reader to understand it .
The most powerful moments happen when the narrator is still alive .
We should try to understand the context , rather than sentences or words .
The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name .
One complexity in inviting Mr. Toyoda is that he would most likely speak through a translator during the question - and - answer session , though he is conversant in English .
Then , he demanded that they tell him a dirty joke , and they said that they could " show " him one outside .
The writing style is different but appealing . He just writes whatever he was thinking , totally " honest " .
The voice is in first person and uses a subjective point of view .
A philosopher says the worm is Musashi himself , who is eager to climb up to be the strongest , but still does not know what invincibility is about .
In fact , how he has addressed this issue and the context he used shows that he is able to think before acting .
He takes the subway to work , not a town car , and lacks the imperiousness or mercurialness that surrounds other celebrity editors , including his predecessor , Tina Brown .
Early on , he describes his mother ’s compassion and volatility , and later mentions her drug use , but she remains absent for large swaths of the narrative .
Without that support , the elderly may start to spend time reflecting on their past , remembering disappointments and that stage of life may turn into a time of despair and loneliness , with only little positive meaning in life .
The narrator is very conscious about what he writes , although he keeps some things to the reader .
The other is the wide range of the outbreaks , which makes people realize how a trip to the supermarket can put them at the mercy of a dishonest or sloppy manager at a factory far away -- maybe in Georgia , maybe in China .
The pressure that the boy imposes on the girl is too intense , like " having dinner with his father " .
But really , the movie is best when its hero is on his own , and Mr. Smith , walking in the footsteps of Vincent Price and Charlton Heston , who played earlier versions of the Robert Neville character , outdoes both of them .
Also , the way the characters talk is opposed to the way the narrator writes .
Without going into detail about the meanings of Moby Dick , it is clear that by comparing a fictional character to a real person one is eliding the infinitely rich tapestry of significations , some of it metaphysical , which the text makes available to its readers .
Such phrases tend to make the sentence vague , and make the reader think `` why is it important ? `` Therefore , some supporting reasons are expected to come after these expressions .
There is an example sentence in the book as follows :
In correspondence between the two of them , she referred to my wife and I as “ the people who brought you up ” and apparently insinuated that we had tried to turn my daughter against her .
Once there , I was surprised to find myself sharing the coach with Dr. Johnson 's faithful negro servant , Francis Barber , and another man who appeared , by his slipshod dress , to be an English servant of some description who had fallen below even this low station of life .
Yet the dialogue l , so to speak , contains a lot of explicit words .
So it was my turn , then the police officer went , " Boy , u wait for the green man ah .
It looks damaged ! "
Tessa : " Yes , sir . "
“ Then who buys your underwear ? ”
Tessa : " Yes , sir . "
To sum up , the professor totally disagrees with the statement in the reading passage .
Although I think using them has the advantage of accurately describing things with fewer words , we learners need some techniques to get around problems with choosing appropriate prepositions , and to avoid making mistakes .
This is an example of a passage written in this book .
Regardless , the dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
The thief said " Who d'ye with ? "
It is made up to appear like a real story , but it is false .
And this story is told from the point of view of Leo Colston , the main character .
Instead , the first half - hour layers flashbacks with portentous foreshadowings , generating pointless confusion about who is doing what and why .
Finally , this story is about time travel .
In the novel , Ruth learns the truth by reading LuLing ’s diary .
The dance has a very slow movement .
In this set of materials , the listening passage discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it contributes to improving health and personality , and the reading contradicts this by revealing the downside of it .
The last chatper ( ironically called A Crown of Swords ) gives way to how the book got its name .
For this reason , we do not think that this request is correct .
The first few chapters of Frye just make all these things more clear .
It is the truth that we can not know what will happen in the future .
I think after he goes back , he will teach his friends to play this game .
I think I have to write a presentable journal if someone in the future reads it .
Like another brick in the wall , another tombstone in the graveyard .
Well , I read a poem called Why do we love who we love . I would like to answer that but that is like asking a bird why it flies , or a fish why it swims .
Then , if there are only subtitles in the film , you can hear the original voices and discern the true meaning .
That also helps explain why I never played with dolls when I was younger .
Most of the discussion here seems to focus on the ideas contained in literature , but from my own experience , it is the interaction of language with ideas present in literature that makes it worthy of study .
And in a most satisfying way , it leans away from a movie depicting men in war , and towards showing the spectrum of strengths and flaws that each character has .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her , because it was her 18th birthday .
I never thought that day would come , but it is fast approaching .
The day when Anna decided to be a model was the most important in her life .
I started to study another language when I was a child . I started learning English , because everyone said that English was the language of the future . When I finished school , I tried to study French but it was too difficult for me .
The biggest reason I respect and am impressed by him is because he is very proficient in English and does not forget to study everyday .
Princess Sophie sent him a lot of letters telling him the truth about herself , and about her curse .
After finding the adoption papers she contacted the adotpion agency .
Trying to increase public pressure on Congress , Obama planned to travel on Monday to Cleveland to visit a cancer patient , Natoma Canfield , who wrote to the president that she gave up her health insurance premium after it rose to $ 8,500 a year .
I claim that had she not found a foreign number ( my mom called me from her friend 's cell phone ) that she never would have told me .
A month passed by before she had the courage to dial that number .
She said nothing , because she did not want everyone to be worried about her .
She picked up the phone and spoke to someone briefly .
He did not say anything , not even a word , after he had thrown ; he just kept silent .
Suzanne often asked me what my name is , and I told her my name is George .
Her daughter was watching me for a few minutes , then whispered something to her mom .
In the evening , Father took him to the hotel to introduce him to some friends .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
Overall , I know that this weekend is going to be the best ever and I am happy to be a part of the events taking place .
My 20th birthday was one of the greatest days of my life .
For instance , when I was a high school student , I traveled to Turkey with my family .
'n Deviana told me that Shipei was not the one who betrayed me .
First of all , I was looking forward to seeing one of my favourite actors , Danny Brook , and it was very disappointing for me to see a different actor instead of him in spite of his name being written in the advertisement .
My aunt said they would drive me home . Then I was talking to my Paul . I told him to come get me , because I needed to be there .
And although it was late , we could see cars in the streets and people walking nearby , and when entering the neighborhood where we were staying , I thought it was only sunset as I saw many , many people walking around and sitting in restaurants .
When I got off the lift , I saw a boy who was PEEING on the floor . . . as unusual .
In fact , he had the door open and when I came to the top of the stairs , he came outside and grabbed my hand and led me into the house .
It was so fun that I was very inspired .
Before I left the other night , she had noticed my camera , and I showed her the picture I took .
After I had finished mourning , I went to work , where Emily invited me to a party on the fourth of July to celebrate her new home .
When I heard the news , I was totally shocked , and I felt depressed the whole day .
The coming events convinced me that it was going to be the worst day of my life .
L'Albero , the Best Pizza West of Italy
After coming back to London , I went to a restaurant and ate fish and chips , which is a typical British food .
If you visit , you can eat local foods in this restaurant .
Her boyfriend 's paintings and posters serve as wallpaper and there are pictures everywhere of Diane and her friends and family .
It could be a place for all the residents in the neighbourhood to come together to interact , exercise and make friends .
I have a feeling that , in general , American potato chips are very tasty and it is often hard for me to stop eating them .
So far , the experience has not been entirely positive .
Captain D 's restaurants serve a widely varied seafood menu that includes freshly prepared entrees , and the company 's signature fried fish , which is freshly hand - battered and prepared to order to ensure freshness .
The Kitchen on upper Pearl serves a near - perfect gnocchi with organic beef , and at the jostling - room - only Boulder County Farmers ’ Market you can sample local goat cheeses , veggie dumplings and a confusing array of garlic .
All of the salon 's employees are very cheerful and amiable to customers .
All of the salon 's employees are very cheerful and amiable to customers .
Also , their dinner menu is incredibly inexpensive -- nothing is over $ 10 and vegetarian entrees are at most $ 7 -- and everything comes with free bread .
I tend to lean towards Asian cuisine , and I know authentic Chinese , Japanese and Thai food is completely different than what 's available stateside .
I hope you wo n't be disappointed . . .
I recommend it because it is the best place for young people .
It is so important for international students who are not aware of these dangers in a foreign country . It will help them make wise choices .
Over the Christmas period , I took the opportunity to read the 180 - page Walker Review , which contains many positive proposals to improve governance within the financial services industry .
This is , however , hard to achieve in our present day society as employers , given a choice , tend to avoid hiring the elderly as they are thought to be less productive when compared to younger workers .
They offer a wide range of choices , from souvenir items such as pictures and jewellery to local specialities , at a reasonable price to suit the interests of different people .
In normal times , the public is encouraged to use an unassuming entrance around the corner on C Street , although people can still get into the front doors with a photo ID to wander through the Great Hall and see the surrounding art exhibits .
In normal times , the public is encouraged to use an unassuming entrance around the corner on C Street , although people can still get into the front doors with a photo ID to wander through the Great Hall and see the surrounding art exhibits .
The Dublin Wax Museum was suggested by many students .
It is often said that it is better for students to learn history and literature because it provides them a proper opportunity to inform their identity .
Since such facilities are even provided outside the university , students can find other places if they want to play sports .
I believe that many people would agree with me , as football is the most popular sport in the world .
With the aid of psychology , people could gain a better understanding of aging , which is a natural phenomenon , and appreciate the elderly more .
( 1 ) As has been pointed out above , academic inquiry requires a critical approach to its subject matter .
On the one hand , some people assume that businessmen view money as their main priority .
Indeed , many young women ( the average age of a fashion model is 16 ) feel they have to do what a photographer says to get ahead in the industry .
The most beneficial thing in this self - development process is that young people get an opportunity to learn how to be responsible and also gain confidence in their own abilities .
However , it has been known that RFID technology brings benefits to various aspects of our lives such as helping in solving problems that we may encounter while handling different tasks and even correcting human errors .
As a result of this , many studies have shown that athletes should be motivated to push themselves beyond the record .
Lastly , adults can set an example for younger people .
Arguably the owners of Microsoft are not doing a job , and can be expected to support moral behavior .
Secondly , football generates money .
For these reasons , many people think that friends are more important than family .
Hence , the CPF has indeed helped to ease the aging process and the financial burden of the elderly as it requires people to save in advance and also informs citizens on how much they should save in order to be self- sufficient for their old age .
Thirdly , there are three special categories of people in our society that need consideration .
Practically , criminals have different reasons for committing crimes ; for example , many are impelled by others .
There is no better reason than this that accentuates the importance of knowing history well .
Healthcare providers , too , are keen to shift some of the burden of healthcare costs to individuals and recognize that the personalization of nutrition may be beneficial .
Of course , religious people may argue that religion plays a far more important role in their lives than music or football play in the lives of those who enjoy these activities , and that , as a result , special efforts should be made to accommodate religious practices .
Conversely , the Bronte sisters are influenced by the preceding Romantic works , and their novels contain Gothic elements such as ghosts and a dark ominous atmosphere .
They are influenced by the surrounding in which they live : Dickens the city of London while the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of the Yorkshire .
Then we can notice that the narrators of the novels have different roles : Dickens 's narrator is omniscient ; Bronte 's one is part of the story itself and can change , revealing other characters ' perspectives .
And in some respects , Ms. Streep ’s career resembles that of some of her French counterparts , like Ms. Huppert and even Catherine Deneuve , who move nimbly between large and small films , between comic and dramatic roles , and who have been permitted to age not only gracefully , but also grandly and sensually .
The fourth section of the report presents data on the current standing of producers of boron products in the CIS .
However , the quantity of fish and chips eaten per year declined from 100 times per year in 1975 to just over 80 times in 1980 .
It also hides the fact that during the same period , income levels have been maintained largely by a fall of 15.7 % in the number of farms within the European Union .
But the figures show that the last significant decrease in attacks was between October and November , and that the new lower level , roughly equivalent to the levels of violence in the spring of 2005 , had not decreased for at least two months .
Squashes may be small in some markets , but these drinks are generally considered the most economical form of refreshment and it was noticeable that volumes increased by 3 % in 2009 , a figure that is predicted to shrink to less than 1 % in 2010 .
It is recommended that only 11 per cent of energy should come from food with sugars , yet secondary school age boys are consuming 16.3 per cent of sugars a day and girls 15 per cent .
Analysts , on average , are looking for a slightly higher profit as the company cuts costs to offset weak revenue .
Dear Ms. Helen Ryan :
My name is Aleksey , but friends call me Alex .
I am a graduate student at a Japanese medical university .
The Professors of Fctc workshop have assigned us to do more research on alternative crops for tobacco growing .
The first thing I would like to inform you of is that making the trip in August would be more convenient for me and for the company I work for ; in September I am usually very busy and have more responsibilities .
As an intern in a biological laboratory , I have been trained to quickly learn new fields , think through problems in an analytical manner and maintain flexibility within a demanding schedule .
Moreover , I am confident that this text will serve as a welcome and necessary incentive to stimulate research and innovation among the major producers of conventional chemical pesticides .
That is the beauty of academic learning .
Genetic disorders like inherited cardiovascular conditions ( ICC ) , which mainly affect the heart , together with blood vessels and cardiac electrical systems , are able to cause immediate and unforeseen death to externally healthy people .
However , a number of studies have reported vascular endothelial growth factor ( VEGF ) plays a major role in the pathogenesis of CNV formation .
Besides the genes that relate to protein synthesis , it has others which encode DNA repair mechanisms and still others which are involved with protein recycling and signalling within cells .
Once the report was assigned to the REX Committee , we contacted the people of Ceuta in order to discover the social and economic reality there so that this report would be as objective as possible .
Nevertheless , I am sending the material so that you can review it .
Yours faithfully ,
Dmitry Lavrov
The above photo is a stamp on page 50 , the last page of my passport .
Dmitry Lavrov
The above photo is a stamp on page 50 , the last page of my passport .
I am asked a lot about my own transition , and that is why I am writing the book .
It was my first stay abroad , and I was delighted with it .
It is a given that no serious traveler would forgo visits to museums , cathedrals , castles , monuments and legendary streets .
There are a lot of interesting places around the station , like large stores , game centers and good restaurants .
But the slow transformation of Old Damascus -- a UNESCO world heritage site that has been inhabited for five thousand years -- has also raised hackles , with one activist calling it a " cancer " .
Even if the Brooklyn bridge is old , I think it is very beautiful and spectacular .
This is very different from western culture . Western people may tend to find a good seat in a restaurant because they want to see and be seen , but Chinese people prefer a private room to have dinner and only want to be seen by their own party of people .
In this country , a wine tasting is often a social event .
Among the most important I can mention San Froilán and Arde Lucus .
From 4th to 12th October Lugo holds its San Froilán Fiestas .
San Froilán is a festival of National Tourist Interest .
It all began in the Middle Ages with an annual Festival of Roses to honor St. George , the Patron Saint of Catalonia .
There is an important festival called the Spring Festival .
It is celebrated on the third Monday in July .
In the past , people , especially children , loved this festival because they could dress up in new clothes , eat delicious traditional food and meet friends .
You should avoid the rainy season in June and July if you plan to visit Jeju .
In this way , it is possible to enjoy the Amrican way of life .
All of the following have contributed to Macao ' s uniqueness - its history , its traditions and cultural forms and the racial mix and coexistence which have held sway there for such a long time and which are an extraordinary asset to the new relationship between the European Union and China .
The cheaper , the better .
The city picks up garbage from some 340,000 households , and fewer than half have recycling bins .
The LA Times is well known among freelance journalists as an employer that takes months to pay , does n't pay the amount promised , and is n't required to provide any rights afforded W2 workers under the law .
Recently , there has been a major push in the industry to make aquatic centers more energy efficient , reduce water use , and increase participation to offer better returns to the parks and recreation departments who run them .
Secondly , the government has come up with various policies to ease the aging process .
The Commission also intends to promote adaptation measures , helping regional and national decision - makers to deal with the increasingly evident impacts of climate change .
The cost of raw materials has risen significantly from the year 2003 to the year 2009 and it has affected the electronics supply chain .
This is due to the low effect of the " Recycling Worms " program over the disposal problem . "
The first level of the network involves people who buy kitchen waste from restaurants and collect oily sewage from drains .
Two years ago , the council started a wastebasket distribution program among the villages , with the intention of easing the garbage collection process .
In addition , building VHTR will boost the economy as it creates job opportunities in the areas surrounding the power plant .
For example , the Singapore government has committed lots of funds to improving the mobility of elderly people by retrofiting lifts to stop on every floor in public housing .
Thus , the government has come out with policies and has invested in research and development to help ease the aging process .
It 's been said that since small companies and households consume about two - thirds of the total electricity used in the area , their efforts are also a key to avoiding sudden major power outages due to over capacity .
Since the economy affects how much funding a nation can spend on the elderly , it is important to ensure that the workforce receives enough training to improve the economy .
Nevertheless , it is expected that a community tourism policy would provide extra support for the industry 's sustainable development .
In conclusion , because of enhanced economic growth , ensuring better lives for future generations of older people and stressing filial obligation , limiting public spending on the aged in order to invest in other prior areas of the country 's development is a good approach to solve the global aging problem .
On the other hand , big business has been able to suppress wages as a result of having a pool of workers who are not in a position to refuse even the most onerous working conditions .
Of course , the easiest way to get it is to ask your parents for help , but a great number of young people want to be independent .
For example , you may meet someone who has travelled nonstop in 20 countries and visited most of the countries on the planet .
In real life , people actually have to leave the coffee shop , and go out and find a job .
Nowadays , tertiary education tuition can really cost a fortune , which forces some students to work for a period in order to relieve the economic burden on their parents .
The first thing I would like to inform you of is that making the trip in August would be more convenient for me and for the company I work for ; in September I am usually very busy and have more responsibilities .
In real life , people actually have to leave the coffee shop , and go out and find a job .
As part of the program , you will also work part time for a host agency , like a food bank or a library .
Of course , the easiest way to get it is to ask your parents for help , but a great number of young people want to be independent .
Another drawback is that , unless you are really motivated , it will be difficult for you to adapt to a new city .
We so easily forget all the uncertainty that goes with living in the present .
I agree with him that any predictions will be fun and beneficial because they reflect the way people see how the world will change in the future .
We will all have vacuum cleaners that will dust everything without our knowledge .
In universities , we can choose what classes we want to take .
But what about human beings ?
How will people 's lives change in the future ?
In short , I 'm afraid of changing circumstances around me and thinking about the future .
And these buildings are designed to make themselves appear beautiful and neo - futuristic .
For example , the ceiling of one room is opened and is triangular - shaped .
Some of them might be turned upside down .
Some people try to understand using pictures or abstract drawings , and I think they just lack experiences with a bunch of correct sentences .
But what about human beings ?
And because we have our own factories and professional machines , we can easily avoid price competition .
It is essential that they learn how to not only manage their wealth but also expand it so that when they choose to stop working , they would have enough money to pay for their necessities and have enough for any unexpected expenses .
It 's nothing else than a program which displays us the flashcards and makes sure that we are learning them .
Everything is all boring and not fun .
I want to see the world , live the life I have fallen in love with .
I hope to have my balance paid in full by then . However , it is refreshing to see that these card companies are willing to work with you .
I will be very happy if I can make friends with everyone , and I hope we can help each other .
However , we already have a service that offers the possibility to make phone calls or requests and try to get as much information as possible .
Moreover , that kind of thinking lessens the pressure on the chosen elite to work diligently , and we know that all candidates have a lot more homework to do .
The first one is to do some exercise as often as possible .
Businesslike suits and ties fit in well with the formal occasion .
It is very cheap and very cost effective .
The first thing was the punctuality .
When a new HP book is released , people seem to want to queue overnight to buy their copy at some ridiculously early hour of the morning .
Third , happy .
As an old saying goes , one can not make bricks without straw .
Our analysts are organized by industry , which gives them keen insights into developments that affect company profits and stock performance .
If you could make an attractive commercial , you could inform an enormous number ( or tons ) of prospective customers about your product at no cost !
The most concerned thing is that a new member , a SAP programming expert , would be joining us for the new project .
To be honest , I wanted to sell them without those kind of tickets because I used to work as a salesperson .
If I had my own company , I would certainly employ highly competitive people with enough experience , because hiring these people would be more beneficial for the company .
Thus , the government has come out with policies and has invested in research and development to help ease the aging process .
The experience clearly did not put him off , and when he was appointed defence correspondent at the Sunday Mirror in 2004 , he became one of the most popular figures in the military because of his unshirking devotion to telling the story with accuracy and with affection for the men and women serving their country .
I hope that you will appreciate my opinions and suggestions , which I have shared with my friends .
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
Lots of Love
flower
Dear Sir or Madam :
The reason that I am writing is that my class has seen an advertisement for the London Fashion and Leisure Show .
Since my job requires no advanced English , I have long since wished for a chance to practice and improve my English , or to have more opportunities to communicate with native English speakers .
The groups I was in charge of mostly consisted of people of ages 6 to 12 , although I once had a chance to work with a group of young adults as well .
Throughout my childhood , she maintained her job as an elementary school teacher , and with her financial help , I got through college and law school .
First of all , I strongly believe that I would be the most suitable applicant because of my long experience in bar service .
Yours faithfully :
However , I think that it is not an easy thing to achieve because of the limited information about scholarships .
Leaders will not wait for whistleblowers to identify issues , but when they do , they need to be treated as heroes , not villains .
Since my job requires no advanced English , I have long since wished for a chance to practice and improve my English , or to have more opportunities to communicate with native English speakers .
We do research on TV shows for our clients , such as how often their products appear on TV shows , and other statistics .
Finally , actions which stimulate forms of collective entrepreneurship are needed to improve the economic efficiency of businesses , respond to common problems , reduce costs and thus guarantee consumers a range of services under the best possible conditions .
I worked all day to assist my boss so that he could then present his financial statements to possible investors in Paris .
With children turning to the internet for advice on personal issues , less than one in five dads ( 18 % ) know if their children are seeking advice online , despite 74 % of dads saying that they would rather their children come to them .
Since my job requires no advanced English , I have long since wished for a chance to practice and improve my English , or to have more opportunities to communicate with native English speakers .
Certainly , such spending will benefit the elderly , but it should not be exclusive to them , for there are other age groups who require assistance in this sector as well .
Since my job requires no advanced English , I have long since wished for a chance to practice and improve my English , or to have more opportunities to communicate with native English speakers .
I would be very interested in studying the Psalms as a model of a balanced diet and see how much various topics came up .
And my brother ?
When you read this , do you find yourself thinking that this sounds great but that these teachings are not very realistic in today ’s political climate ?
My advice would be to listen more , and truly think before you speak .
However , the public usually forgets the fact that nuclear power can actually be a rich source of energy and is able to have a substantial effect on the reduction of cost and environmental pollution .
In some countries , there is a preponderance of heavy primary industry with huge long - range investments , whereas in others , industry is dominated by service businesses and light engineering .
Wind , meanwhile , is very mature technologically , which means the biggest barriers to broader adoption are adding transmission lines and bringing down the cost of construction .
The government spent a lot of money sending engineers to study advanced technologies and importing experts from abroad ; the other various industries of China have all given a great support to the aviation industry , especially by providing resources and funds .
We can easily arrive at the conclusion that the Internet will not alienate human society .
Restoring a property can also be a challenge , as Romanian workers have been heading to other European Union countries in search of higher wages , creating a shortage of skilled workers .
In the areas of healthcare and financial security the government has been constantly upgrading and implementing new strategies to help ease the aging process .
Large oil / gas projects can easily take 5 - 7 years to complete ; the cost of finding / producing , although partly offset by improving technology , is rising ; national oil companies are becoming ever more assertive … and control the majority of known reserves .
The United States is the most interesting country , because it has produced a lot of Internet services that have changed the world .
Some people think that when they face difficulties , they can rely on their family or friends to solve their problems .
In Europe , it is very difficult to combine studies with sport and this means that our young people eventually have to choose between the two .
There are some travel destinations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
Actually , even though Key West does not have an amusement park like Orlando , we can enjoy the nice view , great food , and relaxed atmosphere in Key West .
The hills all over the city are part of Rio de Janeiro 's beauty , but the unstable soil that covers them can be a recipe for disaster when there is heavy rainfall .
Seoul , in Korea , has many places to visit .
Of course , Kyoto is one of the most famous places in Japan .
It was very fun to visit many monuments such as the cathedral and the Victory Square , which were built several centuries ago .
Last but not least , Crete is one of the most spectacular islands in Greece .
In Singapore , and other countries next to the equator , air conditioners and electric fans have greatly contributed to people 's lives and people are able to enjoy cool and refreshing air on burning hot days .
Driving my own car seems really convenient for travelling , but public transportation is the most effective way to take people from one place to another .
Maybe it 's the change in society which makes them more protected , but there 's a limit as to when these protection shields will expire .
I think that ’s why I became an EFT practitioner , because I have always felt that a person need not suffer from unresolved emotions and unconscious belief systems .
Moreover , if you want to find a good job , you must be able to speak two or three languages without any problems .
On the day of September 11 , 2001 , I was in my last semester of grad school at Columbia University .
I was nervous about whether I would pass the exam or not before I checked the test results .
According to the plan , I had to memorize 300 words , study grammar for three hours and listen for two hours a day .
It was my first time taking this test , so I was satisfied with the score .
If I had scheduled the specific plans and implemented the plans exactly , I would have got better results .
But I feel relieved because the exam is over .
I feel relaxed ( which is odd , because I almost always have something to stress about or worry about ) and happy .
Unfortunately , the reality impels me to admit that young people have more opportunities to enjoy life because of all the technological advances that older people tend not to understand well .
When I was in high school , my parents always told me that I must finish my homework , or I was not allowed to play on the computer .
By the time I graduated from high school , I was exhausted from the effort of keeping track of my elaborate falsehoods .
Yeah , I enjoyed very much that day . But I went home early as I got a headache suddenly , or I would stay longer till it was over that night .
I have also worked under pressure and met deadlines without any problems , because I am used to being resourceful and managing time efficiently .
I find it very difficult to even begin because all of the lessons I have learned indicate that when I make choices in men , they are based on non - ideal behaviors .
If computer sciences requires you to be awake for 60 hours to complete a project , then it is a flawed goal .
If you really want to be a contributing member of RISE , you should wake up and start paying attention to lessons with your teachers , and during rehearsals .
At first , when I started reading some articles in English , I hardly understood what was written because the writing style of articles somewhat differed from standard sentences .
Even though I prepared for the lesson , I found it very difficult to perform the tasks necessary to complete the lesson .
First of all , I chose this test because it will be the first time I have taken an English test . Considering that I was studying the language alone almost all the time , I am not used to taking English tests of any kind .
It was just flooding without so much effort .
Another very important benefit of learning a new language is that you can travel . You will understand people abroad and you will know how to communicate with them .
I have repeatedly called for a more sensible pricing system , even if it meant that fares were a little higher , and I predicted that the airlines would do better financially , as most people are willing to pay a fair price in a fair system .
Don ` t you think it is the ultimate ECO ?
In conclusion , in my opinion nuclear energy can be used to solve the problem of increasing energy demand in various industries , because it is safe to both human beings and the environment , and it is capable to provide relatively larger amounts of energy than other sources .
It 's OK , China 's form of capitalism has no regulations to protect the environment or the laborer ; there are no pesky regulations to hamper profit .
Another major factor will be the carbon dioxide emitted from cars .
This is probably the biggest problem .
The use of surveillance technology to track people has become possible due to the advancement in technology .
In conclusion , in my opinion nuclear energy can be used to solve the problem of increasing energy demand in various industries , because it is safe to both human beings and the environment , and it is capable to provide relatively larger amounts of energy than other sources .
Nowadays , there are some vehicles that run on electricity . We can decrease pollution by using electricity .
For a country that does not yet use nuclear power , the introduction and development of nuclear power is a major undertaking .
And because we have our own factories and professional machines , we can easily avoid price competition .
It is true that to develop and build a nuclear plant will cost a lot of money , but the cost is reasonable .
If we can do that , we can work faster and more efficiently .
We know we ca n’t trust them , not that we can trust the government much more .
Like many species before us , humanity will collapse if it continues to breed out of control with a complete disregard for available resources .
For evidence , they point to Pisco , a Peruvian city south of Lima , which is surrounded by vineyards .
Lima was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de los Reyes " .
Esperanto is not of any country or ethnic group , but is a neutral , international language that was first proposed in the 1880s by Dr Ludwig Lazar Zamenhof , with words stemming from a variety of European languages .
Mérida has been a cultural and artistic center since the conquistadors rode into town in the 16th century and long before that , when it was an important Mayan settlement .
Hiroshima ( Genbaku Dome ) was designated a World Heritage site in 1996 .
However , of all the public utilities that could be privatized and that could be opened to competition , the postal sector is the one that has the most immediate and direct impact on a local economy , simply because the local postman or postmistress lives , works , and raises their children in the area and also in many parts of Europe is the only direct contact that people have with what is going on in the outside world .
Walking on a city street , it 's difficult to find parks or " green " places with trees and clean air : actually pollution , traffic and noise are the main problems of our society .
Today , celebrities and tourists still relax and enjoy the scenic and historic charm of the city .
Another very good option is exploring Brazil 's Northeast , which is as beautiful as Rio de Janeiro is .
Hi Jo !
For example , I am posting this article because I did a search on Google News to see what ’s going on with the Paul campaign .
Each of the articles are fairly thorough and might help in some of your writings .
So who can offer some good ideas to me ? It would be appreciated if you could do that .
In the last 12 months , the average long - term interest rate has been 4.2 % , which is below the reference value of 6.4 % .
If you have a smartphone , you will still have to add a $ 30 a month data plan , and unlimited texting is another $ 20 a month .
Credit card companies can still lower your credit limit at any time for any reason and debit cards are untouched by the new reforms .
This Jazz Club does n't has a Web site ,
we have to handle Japanese customers on the telephone and e - mails .
There are some international banks in Singapore , but every bank offers its customers low interest rates .
In order to renew visas for senior migrant care workers , they must now be paid more than £ 7.02 an hour , which most care homes can not afford .
Far from the strength that doing a sport or even going to work requires , going shopping is something you can do either on your own or with all your family and it could not be easier ; you only need a good pair of shoes and a wallet full of money .
So I want my money back for these two tickets - I have included a copy of them - and I hope you will pay more attention to the way you treat your customers , and avoid false advertising .
A clear example is that watching television in another language is of vital importance if you aim to learn new vocabulary or improve your comprehension skills , and it makes studying a language really fun and enjoyable .
The choice , ultimately , is ours .
Write soon and let me know what you have been doing .
Yours Agnieszka
For any suggestions , please e - mail me through gbong19@yahoo.com .
My e - mail was " urlLink skw92000@yahoo.co.kr " urlLink
Subject : An important thing to do !
My dear !
The principal reason I 'm writing to you at the moment is that I want my money back , because I felt so disappointed with the theatre and also with the play .
I understood the reason why some of my friends strongly recommended that I travel there .
They gave me their autographs and when the concert started , they told me to come up on the stage and dance with them .
What can I say about musical inspiration ?
First of all , I was looking forward to seeing one of my favourite actors , Danny Brook , and it was very disappointing for me to see a different actor instead of him in spite of his name being written in the advertisement .
I remember that I was impressed by his and his associates ' consistent voluntary activities .
I am so excited that I have won the first prize . I will give you all the information you need and ask some questions .
sincerely yours ,
Ionut
However , I have never done surfing before but I have always wanted to learn how to do it and I believe this would be my best chance to do so .
Those who have used Linux previously would feel much more comfortable , but otherwise there is nothing very complex about getting started .
By the time we got home in the afternoon , I was so tired- I just got into bed and watched some shows I had recorded during the week .
The next week , Jeff invited me to spend the night with him and his friends at a cabin on the lake .
It was harder than skating on a rink because this was ice after the lake had frozen naturally , so the surface was rough and bumpy .
Long after that , because I had such a natural talent at engineering , I began to write books and essays about everything related to my job .
I started to study another language when I was a child . I started learning English , because everyone said that English was the language of the future . When I finished school , I tried to study French but it was too difficult for me .
The main reason why I like playing tennis is because I can control the amount of exercise that I can do .
Regarding the accommodation at the camp , I would prefer a tent . The reason is that I like to live really naturally and it is more enjoyable to live in a tent than in a cabin .
In many ways , I think this has crippled my development as a geek , but it results in a much more varied life overall .
If you consider my application , it would certainly be a great job opportunity for me to gain experience in the engineering field and develop my professional career .
A clear example is that watching television in another language is of vital importance if you aim to learn new vocabulary or improve your comprehension skills , and it makes studying a language really fun and enjoyable .
In addition , when I was a high school student , two year colleges were quite popular among female students .
For the past four years , the plan for me has been to go to college and then go to law school and become a lawyer .
As an intern in a biological laboratory , I have been trained to quickly learn new fields , think through problems in an analytical manner and maintain flexibility within a demanding schedule .
Throughout my work history and studies , I have displayed excellent teamwork and people - oriented skills , which I believe are crucial skills in an administrative position .
In my spare time , I like to write children 's books , which require a high degree of research , planning and preparation .
When I went to high school , luckily we had three organizations : the Youth Union , Harmonica club and PTNK Soccer league .
Another important aspect is that I am a good organizer and I am a good team worker .
Since my job requires no advanced English , I have long since wished for a chance to practice and improve my English , or to have more opportunities to communicate with native English speakers .
Originally , I tried to enter a graduate school in Japan because I wanted to learn more about civil engineering .
By the way , most of the fast food products in the US are also available in Europe , and the problems here are also very evident , but fortunately the fast food industry here has not yet managed to warp most people ’s appetite for good food .
Having an excellent infrastructure like an efficient transportation network and fully furnished workplace , will attract foreign investors . This will turn the country into an industrial hub .
Finally , during the course of these debates , our citizens will be expecting clear evidence that the European Union is capable of providing clear - cut and effective solutions to these major political , social and economic problems .
First and foremost , choosing challenging dreams would stimulate me to study and work hard , and then induce my potential .
The reason why I am interested in trade is because I believe that trade helps developing countries and poor people .
Europe 's citizens , who quite understandably worry about the drug culture in which their young are growing up , and which is responsible for so much of the violence in our society , have much to gain through greater European cooperation in this area .
As an intern in a biological laboratory , I have been trained to quickly learn new fields , think through problems in an analytical manner and maintain flexibility within a demanding schedule .
For that reason , I have taken part in various initiatives that seek to promote and ensure full respect for multilingualism .
For that reason , I have taken part in various initiatives that seek to promote and ensure full respect for multilingualism .
A best friend is a treasured gift
It is because commonsense thinking is easier to relate with given the fact that it is the usual way people in all walks of life think .
In fact , in many scenarios , they are treated as inferior beings to the rest of society .
Do people think they would be more attractive to potential partners if they present themselves as kind , caring and generous ?
The best example is an animal with great qualities , a dog .
Kuri is a tough dog .
Most people like dogs because dogs are obedient , meek and also soft .
A child does whine and cry when they are not feeling safe and a teenager does go against the wishes of their parents .
If people have to start taking responsibility for the consequences of their choices , they might actually start making better ones .
It 's such a nice thing to see a budding relationship , as that is always the most exciting time in people 's lives .
The second reason why it 's more important to help others , than to compete with others , is that it keeps our motivation high .
These hairy four - legged animals are also very protective .
In fact , it is their responsibility to make money and take care of their families .
To kill an animal quickly , a trap needs to be powerful and that can become dangerous for the trappers themselves or for any other person or pet that could set off the trap by mistake .
Where a pet owner has only a single pet , the pet will develop a strong bond with the owner .
Some people believe that sleeping is a waste of time .
The elderly need not worry too much about their health . But , what they have to do as a personal responsibility is to go for regular check-ups and have a healthy diet .
But it is elderly people who can also draw great benefit from technology , for example , when they are unable to go out and shop and can instead order food via their computer at home .
Thus , keeping pets does enable people to be able to put themselves in others ' shoes .
In conclusion , I believe that a dog is a better pet than a cat .
I hate the fact that some people just say that they can do things that they think are right , but deep down they know that they are wrong .
In Japan , I think dogs are more popular than cats , because it is said that dogs are smart , obedient , and cute .
Hi People !
In addition , it would be nice if you could send me the address at which I am going to stay , so that I can keep in touch with my friends and family .
Mark and I , however , did not have any large enough logs to throw with so we went about our work at first by bending the limbs until they broke .
As usual , the movie left me feeling somewhat calm and quiet .
It may take some time to do that , but I think it will be very useful and effective if I follow the planner 's instructions .
Although it was one of my more fun projects , it was a challenge .
It was harder for me to reach there than I expected due to the heavy snow .
Yes , these novels will probably not help you get into an Ivy League school , but do n't we deserve a treat after all the reading we have done this year ?
This is why I consider it important that , in addition to prevention , children should be taught what to do if they receive this type of request or if they are exposed to such influences .
One of the last activities offered by the centre was diving .
Moreover , I have been thinking about changing the location because , as you probably already know , some concert halls were not big enough to let everybody who wanted to go in .
For all the people , I advise you to start playing or watching football , because , for me , it is a very good sport . But you can only play football well if you really like it , because , first and foremost , football is fun .
Of course it 's just a wonderful place for photography .
If you want to know more about Dutch eating habits , just write to me , and I 'll write back , giving you any other information you might need .
With best wishes :
Holiday .
When I arrived at the office , my colleagues were so excited to see the sun through the windows .
I had been there the day before and was told that my pressure was too low to safely operate , and I returned home .
I had written in my diary about her .
The fact that the weather was so much nicer is just one small thing , but the gloom of Richmond really affects my mood ... makes me depressed .
When Chuck first sent me a copy of the chapter in draft form , I read it , then got very busy and never wrote to Chuck about it .
She invited me to go to a fashion show with her , and she said that I could come over anytime I wanted to , or call her whenever I needed her .
I cried because I thought my parents had left me .
We had talked about going to the exhibition for a month ; however , there were many things we had to do like going back to our hometown and working overtime on the weekends .
Dear Madam :
Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Editor
According to the AsiaOne Business of The New Paper ( Monday , Feb 16 , 2009 ) , CPF retirement plans will be simplified .
I am a senior student at Xi ' an Polytechnic University where I major in international trade .
I have worked two years for a well - known coffee franchise and previously for three years in a famous patisserie as an assistant chef , which has given me varied skills , like the ability to work with many different types of people and an extensive knowledge of cooking .
Now , I am employed as an EMT for a local hospital .
I am a conscientious person who works hard and pays attention to detail . I am flexible , quick to pick up new skills , and eager to learn from others .
Throughout my work history and studies , I have displayed excellent teamwork and people - oriented skills , which I believe are crucial skills in an administrative position .
In order to quote our content in your blog , you would need reprint permission .
If you would like to talk to the BBC about these issues , please complete the form below .
I look forward to hearing from you in the very near future .
Yours faithfully ,
Lao Tseu
This allows people to keep upgrading and maintain their competitiveness in the workforce , which is essential to the economy .
Initially , adoption agencies and social workers must educate prospective parents , but ultimately parents need to educate themselves .
Some critics say implementing this solution might imply that the government does not want to support the elderly ; however , it is a practical solution to the current aging population problem .
The main problem is bad service . For example , the drivers are not careful enough when driving , and that might be unsafe for passengers .
However , the main difference is that while the book industry may have a relatively small consumer market , a great majority of that market consists of VORACIOUS readers who purchase a great many books .
Canada , and especially the USA , can boast .
Other than India , there are a lot of people in the world who are not rich .
accept homeschooling as a legal alternative so far and others where it is just an isolated happening .
The paradox of the situation is that everyone virtuously condemns this type of society , but very few venture to combat the causes , which are primarily the bureaucratization of certain social systems , the absence of community priority for employment and the release of a simplistic world free trade policy , which is a perversion of true free trade .
In America , high school is compulsory ,
E-learning has provided an alternative way to attend lessons conducted by teachers in classrooms .
Finally , companies that provide facilities such as a baby care centre , an exercise gym , a cafeteria , or a theater in order to support employees ' extra - curricular life maintain a satisfied workforce and get increased productivity in return .
But the new tests will show more concretely the ability of Japanese language skills which are required by universities and other institutions .
One point I think I need to keep in mind is that when we read a paper , we should think of three points .
In a society where people set a greater value on the academic career of an individual as opposed to his real ability , you may sometimes need to have some blind respect for power , money , or fame without thinking about how unfair the social system is .
I guess only time will tell , but I 'm not ready to put myself into a witness protection program and stop using online billing as a way of life .
idea .
Given these situations , gifted or bright children from struggling families are most likely to lose opportunities to improve their talents .
Moving from a situation of European mass unemployment to a trend which involves a lack of labour , and the question of whether it will be possible to achieve continued economic growth demands that we exploit all the experiences mature , older people have to offer .
" Faith focuses on the future .
Turning to animal cloning , we need to consider the ethical implications in greater depth , especially in relation to respect for the principles of animal welfare and biodiversity and , of course , the possible risks of extending this technique to human beings .
Owing to the great speed of technological development , people need to lead a faster life .
In particular , natural disasters are often caused by climate change : the recent floods in Mexico reflect the reality and extent of this worrying trend .
Steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular matter .
I think Japan will be a more eco - friendly country from now on .
It is often hard to get consumers to change their habits , and homeowners may be slow to swap out expensive water heaters for newfangled solar solutions .
Gen IV systems are designed to be highly sustainable because the energy they produce meets the desire for clean air and in the long term , benefits the environment .
In recent years , public spending on the aged has gradually increased , sparking countless discussions about whether public spending on the aged should be limited , so that the money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
He ’s ensured that the NYC infrastructure looks more like an aging decrepit system that , when compared to any significant city in Europe , looks shabby indeed , and he ’s done little to make the city greener , more modern , or more accessible .
I have heard that a plane crashed in Europe because of a ringing cell phone , yet I still hear about , and observe , passengers ’s lackadaisical attitudes and sometimes outright hostility about turning off cell phones and portable electronic devices during landing and takeoff .
I wonder why nobody senses that it 's exactly a dangerous status , though I expect my family and I still live in a safe area for now .
Use it or lose it
The alpha and the omega of a good team is trust .
Because if you want to play football , you need a big group of friends who also want to play .
The fun in this game is that you need to drop the shuttlecock on the other side of the court and wait until the opponent responds to it .
The first person to find a kicker gets bonus points .
I want to be a football player .
Tourism is one of the most important activities in developing a country 's economy .
If we do it for 40 consecutive days , that 's only about a month and ten days ; we could save a life .
This shows how rapidly the game can change .
In this game , the goal is to get tricks . If you do not get a trick in any given round , you lose and are out for the remainder of the game .
I started playing at the age of seven , when my mother encouraged me to join a basketball club .
At the beginning , writing in a diary was kind of homework , but then it changed into a hobby .
Karate is one of the best sports I have ever enjoyed in my life . One of the reasons behind my passion for karate is that it 's a means of taming the mind and the body .
Because if you want to play football , you need a big group of friends who also want to play .
Surfing is one of the most challenging sports in the world .
However , with the organisers of the Olympic Games having given up the ideals of amateurism and voluntarily buried themselves in the deep dark hole of big money , there is a limit to what we can expect from them in the sphere of economic ethics .
Taking the train is more cost effective than taking a car to work , as petrol is costly and the new transportation office has reduced the cost of tickets to assist with the daily living expenses we encounter .
Second , when people get back home , they always turn on the computer to read news on the Internet . Last , almost every student likes games , because it can make us relax , but many students spend too much time in playing games .
Despite these two being the most popular sports amongst atlets , many more are just as interesting and profitable .
There are many kinds of sports that I enjoy , such as swimming , jogging , and dancing .
During summer it is common to see many people in parks practising sports , like running , cycling , or just doing every kind of physical activity .
Driving my own car seems really convenient for travelling , but public transportation is the most effective way to take people from one place to another .
In conclusion , I am confident that the airplane has made our life more beneficial compared to automobiles or bicycles .
In addition , long - distance coaches have become more popular since more people are trying to save money .
Obviously , it is hard to apply traditional working time to new forms of work and the debate on lifelong learning and time compression is a major issue .
You have to think about your goal more strongly .
Higher education is available for those who can afford it , but for millions of people , college is far too expensive .
However , there is a great debate about whether this is really a good solution .
I should like to speak about Mr Pasty 's proposal , for two reasons : firstly because I think Mr Pasty has put forward a proposal which makes good political sense .
I am wondering if I should put all my extra money to try to pay all my student loans off ( which will take years ) , or if I should treat my student loans like a " mortgage " and follow a monthly payment plan .
Preparing a short vacation , you can spend less money than a long vacation .
Currently , many people are talking about whether we need the government to help us , since we can solve important problems by ourselves or with help from other family members .
When everyone believes the economy is doing poorly , it 's easy for companies to blame anything negative they do on it .
Among the factors affecting sentiment : renters are unable to save for a down payment , or they are waiting to get a new job or for mortgage rates to go even lower .
If they see that the elderly are being taken care of by their families , they would know how valuable they are to society .
To begin with , I would like to tell you that I am really interested in the course because I think it would provide me with some professional advantages in my career as a school teacher .
Having recently moved to the USA from old Europe , it is my opinion that this country really , really needs basic education in certain fundamental subjects : History , geography , philosophy , and a close reading of the UN declaration of Human Rights would also be most beneficial .
In an effort to change my surroundings , I took a few quick classes in French and signed up with an agency that placed American nannies with families in France .
As an intern in a biological laboratory , I have been trained to quickly learn new fields , think through problems in an analytical manner and maintain flexibility within a demanding schedule .
The most concerned thing is that a new member , a SAP programming expert , would be joining us for the new project .
I am a conscientious person who works hard and pays attention to detail . I am flexible , quick to pick up new skills , and eager to learn from others .
Although I have learned English for almost ten years , I still have a poor grasp of grammar and vocabulary .
I always prefer to read books that are unusual in some way , because they give me the opportunity to escape from everyday reality .
Abroad I can meet people with many different ethnic backgrounds , and I can experience the beauty of nature .
To learn more about the CDA , please visit www.ctcda.com or call 860 - 258 - 7800 .
Well , thank you so much for reading all this !
" Farmer Giles of Ham " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
The Legends of Nethiah is a sci - fi fantasy film that tells the story of a young boy , whose parents are going through a bitter divorce , who is given hope and courage through the powerful stories embellished by his grandfather .
One can read minds ; one can time - travel ; another , a teenager , Claire , possesses the powers of regeneration , which means that when she smashes her collarbone or breaks her fibula , they snap back into place .
At the end of Book II , Lucius breaks free from his past and his biographical project .
One of the reasons for why I 'm writing this article is that I know it will improve my English writing skills , and also because I like to write , I like to share my ideas through the Internet and see what other people think about it .
The most exciting aspect of the game play is that four players have to cooperate in order to survive and that just one player alone can not survive the attack of the infected horde .
Currently , I am reading much more Science Fiction than any other genre , mainly because I find it to be more approachable and non - repetative .
Dear Sir or Madam :
I would like to build upon the responsibilities I will have and hope that I will be an acceptable candidate for the position of prefect .
Therefore , it will be inevitable that we carry out agricultural reform and , what is more , within the community .
My undergraduate studies in Pharmacy at the University of Asia Pacific gave me a solid background in the health care sector and chemistry , as well as a strong theoretical framework , while allowing me to explore my personal interests in pharmaceutical technology .
I am particularly interested in this job due to the fact that I have already worked in summer camps ( In Spain and France ) for two years and I 'm very passionate about being with children . I would be able to organise sports and evening activities too , because I have helped with many events at my school .
I have regularly played tennis since I was nine years old and I have entered several competitions .
I have taught at a local community college for 22 years . During that time , I have worked with students who suffered from untreated mental illness .
I have taught at a local community college for 22 years . During that time , I have worked with students who suffered from untreated mental illness .
It is incredibly important for children to be able to associate with other children , to meet with and otherwise encounter adults other than their parents and to have access to the educational experiences necessary for children 's development .
As an intern in a biological laboratory , I have been trained to quickly learn new fields , think through problems in an analytical manner and maintain flexibility within a demanding schedule .
As an intern in a biological laboratory , I have been trained to quickly learn new fields , think through problems in an analytical manner and maintain flexibility within a demanding schedule .
I look forward to seeing you when you arrive here .
Yours faithfully :
Lubomir Sawicki
How do you expand your vocabulary ?
In my opinion , there is no disadvantage to having parallel systems .
So , getting more knowledge about historical or cultural attractions can help foreign tourists understand those attractions more easily and quickly than before .
Another very important benefit of learning a new language is that you can travel . You will understand people abroad and you will know how to communicate with them .
Nevertheless , learning another language has many benefits , such as the ability to live in and visit countries with different languages , meeting foreign people , working in an international environment , reading books or websites in other languages , etc .
Humankind always has needs and demands because people want to lead a more comfortable and easier life .
However , many people are so worried about not being in touch with people ( or `` being out of touch with people `` ) , because having connections with other people gives such access and mobility to a person in all respects .
We make thousands of decisions , but they are often decisions that people do not expect from us , and we are unable to make the decisions that they do expect from us .
For these reasons , I think this change has improved the way people live .
Modern technology captures my imagination , and this is the reason why I have chosen a career in electronics .
To fulfill this dream a PhD degree would be the most essential footstep .
I am now pursuing a PhD in applied linguistics , which reflects my interest in the use of language .
After reading about fluid dynamics and chaos theory a few years ago , I became interested in self - organization in complex systems .
Biosimilars -- generic copies of biotech drugs used to treat complex diseases like cancer -- are becoming an increasingly important means of building revenues as global pharmaceutical companies face the loss of patent protection on many of their established drugs .
The reason why I think studying it is beneficial for mankind is because I believe that the universe has huge amounts of new energy .
As an intern in a biological laboratory , I have been trained to quickly learn new fields , think through problems in an analytical manner and maintain flexibility within a demanding schedule .
During the three years of postgraduate studying , I have participated in several research projects on overseas petroleum under the guidance of my supervisor .
Some people think there is no future for public transport because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
In spite of all the campaigns aiming to reduce the use of the car and increase the use of public transport , people still seem to prefer to travel by car .
In addition , long - distance coaches have become more popular since more people are trying to save money .
Therefore , if you want to save money , it is wise not to own private cars , but to use public transportation instead .
There is no doubt that travelling by car is the most comfortable option , but claiming that public transport has no future is too much .
The same idea goes if you are in any kind of trouble ... if you are connected , you are safe .
For me , people have become very lazy and they prefer the car rather than public transport , because you can take the car when you want and go where you want without spending hours waiting for the bus .
Or you can even just read and listen to content on the Internet .
That is my first priority .
You have to be very patient when you read books in these categories , and it means that you have to be very careful when you make a decision to read a book of this kind .
It is easy to monitor development in one 's own country , but comparing one country with another is extremely difficult .
This will make it will be easier for you to master the pronunciation .
You can save the shipping cost .
It costs a lot to buy gasoline if we want to drive our own cars .
I will make a list of how much money I can use for everything .
Maybe cheap airlines are better ?
in our daily life .
Even though a lot of companies and people are struggling with the global economic downturn , we always receive high salaries .
Then we may have no choice but to use public transport as much as we can for travel .
If you plan to do a lot of traveling , then you can put a lot of money in the account and then say you lost the account book .
If you choose to sleep in a bedroom , you must pay a little extra .
And what now ?
You can sit in the garden with some magazines ( maybe a glass of beer ) and anytime you would like you can swim or take a bath .
I mean , the animals and insects that I care about are not harmful to people .
If we look at the European situation as a whole , the fight against unemployment must remain a top priority and , of course , one way of tackling the problem is through increased product investment .
Amazingly , the answer is yes !
Clearly , travelling in your own car is much more comfortable than on public transport .
And for Harry , it depends .
Could someone explain the following paragraph ?
The first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
Nick : " Cuz I do n't think that you know what you ve been missing ... " TBS " Your own Disaster "Saturday , until about 4 PM , my husband and I did nothing .
I can easily give it a five star rating , because all of the events that happen seem real in the movie , and they are events that could happen in real life .
Facing the murder directly makes the horror penetrates into our hearts .
How does the author create a word of horror to his readers ?
All through the sounds and artificial dialogue of the movie echoes throughout the place , emphasising the lack of speech from the " characters " .
But we can only see words and sentences in a fiction , so readers have to use their imagination to understand stories and characters , and something more abstruse .
Just like the madman 's plan was happening right in front us .
Suddenly , the sound of the drums and the small bells ceases .
The only technique , I think , that works in the story is its plot .
Every time when the sound of heartbeats started arousing , something ensued .
But I knew Pat knew , and because of her , so did everyone else : he was in prison because he had killed a man .
After two days , the police saw somebody at the crime scene . The policeman asked them what they were doing there . He was scared and puzzled .
At the same time , the heartbeats also dragged the readers nervous and anxious .
As a professional philosopher , I am often intrigued by the subtle power of the word , both written and spoken .
This picture is early in the night , but it clearly shows who is responsible for all the drunk stupidity of that night .
The film is excellent because of both a very exciting and engaging plot , and great performances by the main characters - the serial killer and the two detectives .
Shivering inside our hearts , the horror increases .
Some days before , we had decided to organize an excursion to a nature trail nearby . As soon as we arrived at the railway station , we were so fascinated by what surrounded us that we walked for three hours along a path , Suddenly , our surroundings appeared to be far wilder than they had been before , so we stopped trekking and we had a look at our map .
A few hours later , the men returned to the store .
Most of the islands are suitable for snorkelling , so if you are going to snorkel , you will have the chance to see many different types of marine organisms like corals , fish and shells .
When a student came in , he was also surprised to see so many people inside , but , after a while , he realized what was really happening : dozens of wet raincoats had been left on the chairs by students of another course .
They realized that the animal had been trapped by a log that had fallen , but each time they approached it roared .
They told him flowers would shoot out , but the boy was not naïve enough to fall for it ; instead he told the authorities and they managed to get the vest off safely .
They told him flowers would shoot out , but the boy was not naïve enough to fall for it ; instead he told the authorities and they managed to get the vest off safely .
On the way , Nana met a begger , and she gave her some money .
He also gave me a T - shirt , which was made by himself .
After a while , the bird looked greasy but lean .
That morning , Michael woke up full of energy and feeling very optimistic about his first day in his new job .
The big question is whether we can achieve our objective , but the question also is whether there is fair competition .
Some have said that without other people to act as their social mirrors , they 'd feel no need to go through surgery .
There is ample evidence that everyone wants to see themselves portrayed in entertainment , no matter who you are and what your background is .
On the other hand , lack of privacy is a major disadvantage in a famous person 's life , as their personal life 's boundaries are constantly crossed by paparazzi and journalists .
In a European context , the word " subsidiarity ' has a third meaning , and possibly an even more important one , in that it is constantly misused by those looking for a reason not to have to do something , or to postpone something indefinitely .
Despite the fact that using cars is expensive , many people still prefer to use their own vehicles because it saves their valuable time .
For addicts , this problem is more dangerous , because basically they may not control spending money even though they are insolvent .
There are celebrities that sell their life on television and then do not want journalists to chase them .
Individuals are able to reduce the huge mental burden imposed on them by sharing it with families , which in certain cases can be overwhelming .
The rich and the powerful steal money from ordinary people to make their own lives more comfortable .
People look down upon people who choose to stay home instead of working because they feel as if they are not contributing to society .
Some people have said that famous people such as politicians , and film stars , need to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
In summary , I believe that all people , even journalists , need to talk to people about how they feel about politics .
We should respect these animals that sacrifice their precious life to feed us .
sport is one of the most important things in human life .
I think my desire to travel comes from a need to know that the world is physically huge , since societally , it feels so crowded sometimes .
After coming back to London , I went to a restaurant and ate fish and chips , which is a typical British food .
I wanted to post about this not only becauseI wanted to introduce a Japanese culture but because I was shocked by the poll in the newspaper .
But enjoying the slides was still fun ~ After playing in the water park for more than 3 hours , we went to the hotel to unpack our trunks .
After I finished opening the bar , I tried to order some food because I was starving . But sadly , the restaurant could not deliver food because of the frozen road due to the heavy snow .
My disappointment started when we noticed that there were no discounts available for the tickets , but as we wanted to see Danny Brook 's performance , we decided to buy them anyway .
I got called in and they told me I 'd be cleaning the front entrance way and that I could wear street clothes , and that it was not that bad at all .
According to my experience , I thought the restaurant would serve me with a set meal , and I could savor and chat with my other friends .
I got sick of hiding , so I left the house and cautiously walked back home .
“ It ’s not so hard to cook for both kinds of people , ” said Juan Hernandez , the owner of La Hacienda , a restaurant in Southampton .
The desserts , few and homespun , were enjoyable , and the salads reflected the restaurant ’s concern for ingredients .
As he asked for a " sweet tea , " he told his tablemates that he would sample everything on the menu .
There are many ways to eat fresh mochi , but I like eating it with grated radish and some soy sauce .
Despite being forced to buy adult tickets , we were still excited and took our seats , and waited for the beginning of the show .
All I need is FUN ! ! ; )
The man said loudly , " GET YOUR ASS IN HERE IF YOU WANT TO AUDITION ! ! ! "
Second of all , HOW ARE YOU ?
Where did my money go ? : (
It will only demoralized me and I 'll end up wanting to leave early ... The journey home was the same as any other day .
My right knee became extremely swollen last week , so I went to see my doctor .
I am much more conscious of my physical condition than ever before and I will continue to exercise regularly this month .
and then we 'll go shopping : ) But I have a problem .
Of course I could't buy anything , cos I had already bought too many things .. :( .. that day I was really worried about my luggage and stuff .
Of course , I ` ve learned English at school and at the University - but without any visible success = ) Once I started to read `` Harry Potter `` and , you know , I was totally irritated by the work of the Russian translators - they perverted all the names in the book !
Anyway , I was totally frustrated with that , but , not wanting to ruin my night , I got ahold of someone else and went and saw Anchorman .
GET AWAY FROM ME ( for all I care ) .
( Of course , I did n't have any choices . ) But now , I 'm gradually getting used to it .
I did n’t need much convincing .
Besides that , throughout my university education , I have been a participant at scientific conferences and I took pains to practically assimilate everything I had learnt during my studies .
( It 's also in other countries ^ ^ ) They are very kind people , so I feel a little lonely that I can not meet them in the future .
However , I checked my Longman Dictionary ( LDOCE ) , and found only two definitions : the short form of ' it is ' ; a short form of ' it has ' .
Students who come to your class 3 weeks before the test count as your score though you did n't teach them . The list goes on and on , . . Low socioeconomic schools are completely different from those with parents who can work with them at home and even hire tutors .
Since I got almost four months of free time ,
Oh , and of course , I want to buy a lot of clothes ! ! ! ! : ) There are lots of sales in August in Europe .
I brought my lap top even though there was no network in the building , but luckily my room is beside my university and there is internet access , although it 's blocked on some websites . But it 's okay because I use a website on which I can talk with my best friend , and I am happy because of that . First , because he is my best friend , second because he is so kind and he loves to help me and I appreciate that . Ever since then I have been thinking about getting a gift for him , but he would simply refuse it .
Generally , the holiday as a whole was good enough , as the most important -in my opinion- aspects , like the quality of the guided tours and the accommodation , were very high .
We decided against carrying tents as it would hamper our trek , and also because there was a place called Lobomane in Tolali where we could stay .
First of all , I chose this test because it will be the first time I have taken an English test . Considering that I was studying the language alone almost all the time , I am not used to taking English tests of any kind .
Also , I have studied teaching and I practise with my father , who is a teacher . I have been swimming since I was five , so I could teach your camp 's children about swimming and other sports like basketball or hockey .
Anyway , I 'll put up some more a bit later , when the film has developed .
( EDITOR 'S NOTE : The listed are not intended to be my Top Five Picks in each category , but merely examples .
If you do n't remember , please let me remind you :
( Shit ! )
I think you should have told people about this in the advertisement .
because speaking is more difficult than writing .
But I 'm not gon na fry .
I love you guys . Talk to you when I get back .
Saw The Last Samurai . It was FUCKING AWESOME ! ! !
Global warming and its consequences in 2015
A report by the Economist Intelligence Unit , our sister company , reckons China will no longer be sending ever more students abroad : thanks to its one - child policy , the number of young people there peaked in 2007 , and improvements in China ’s own universities mean more students will stay there .
Most scientists have agreed that we have to reduce the emission of green house gases as the impact of global warming becomes more serious .
In fact , the Met Office predicts that thanks to a combination of El Nino and climate change , 2010 could well end up as the warmest year on record across the globe .
On Monday , President Obama will hold a summit meeting in Washington to address these dangers .
Most scientists have agreed that we have to reduce the emission of green house gases as the impact of global warming becomes more serious .
From that standpoint , the EU , with its policy of liberalization and the prevalence of full competition in air transport , combined with the world - wide opening of the markets after the GATT agreement , is in practice undermining the safety of flights , while the headlong race to maximize profits and cut operating expenses in every possible way has a high cost in human lives , as is proved by the worrying increase in the frequency of air accidents .
The United States is currently implementing a global strategy on this subject with increased budgetary resources and the European Union can not lose sight of the overwhelming need to foster democratisation along its closest cultural and strategic border .
Influences on changes in the Earth 's climate include cycles in solar activity -- traditionally measured by sunspots -- but that is far outweighed by recent increases in greenhouse gas emissions , most scientists say .
In the recent few decades , adverse climate changes and increase numbers of natural disasters have finally made humans realize the impact of human activities on earth .
If global warming lasts , our lives will be destroyed some day , and these effects are mainly caused by driving automobiles .
The WCRF has published a list of " minor errors " in the report - some relating to the findings on red meat and bowel cancer - but says it has no intention of altering the conclusions based on an expert panel 's review of the scientific literature .
So , while polls may reveal a significant proportion of Americans are concerned about climate change , it is not an important issue in comparison to all of the other concerns .
Also , the fact that the report is framed in the context of the deeply flawed Lisbon Strategy is a problem .
Fifteen whaling nations formed the IWC after whale populations collapsed .
Dr Rose said that the orcas still in tanks should be gradually retired and allowed to live out their lives in peace , dying in captivity if they were unable to survive in the wild .
The importance of World Heritage properties transcends national boundaries .
With their colourfulness of form and expression , they have great appeal , and they provide artistic stimulation , carry experience and emotion , and strengthen the bonds of local society .
To be included on the World Heritage List , properties must be of outstanding universal value and meet at least one of ten selection criteria .
Every year , historical sites and ancient buildings attract millions of tourists visiting this country .
That is one reason a lot of naturally and culturally significant areas tend to be preserved , disignated as the world heritage sites by UNESCO .
The Global Heritage Fund 's mission is to save the most significant and endangered cultural heritage sites in developing countries .
For all of these reasons , the initiative of the Spanish authorities to have the Mediterranean diet recognised by UNESCO as a Cultural Heritage of Humanity deserves to be warmly welcomed , and I think it is the duty and obligation of the European Union to do what it can to influence this decision , because it is not in the specific interests of one country or group of countries ; it is in the interests of the whole Union .
At the international level , UNESCO regularly acknowledges a number of our sites of interest and buildings among the world heritage sites .
Since this comment is on the Internet , everyone reading it has access to the Internet - and they can take it upon themselves to seek more information from sources like the National Weather Service , and various manufacturers and associations regarding construction equipment such as the scissor lift .
The increase in the number of requests for funding has grown in proportion to the increase in control mechanisms set out in an attempt to ensure that community funds are used correctly .
It is necessary to develop a national and community - level state insurance system that would help the fishery sector survive in the face of natural crises .
The vast majority have highlighted the validity of CITES in terms of helping to conserve species that are in danger of extinction .
Therefore , they can not take call for help if they have an accident .
Therefore , I support initiatives to limit emissions in general and in vulnerable areas of natural beauty , in particular .
We are trying to strengthen international collaboration in this field , but we must not forget that this is primarily a matter for national governments .
She is my first love .
watching TV , listening to music , and playing basketball .
Modern technology captures my imagination , and this is the reason why I have chosen a career in electronics .
Football requires tremendous amounts of teamwork and sportsmanship to be successful .
The third point concerns validation of acquired experience , which really enables employees to progress in their careers , and also enables companies to adapt effectively to new requirements .
I started playing tennis when I was a high school student .
When I was a child , I seldom had time to play games with my peers , because my parents always asked me to study .
This practical experience gave me the opportunity to understand the importance of supervision .
I like cricket very much because playing cricket brings immense pleasure .
Simon Singh is my favorite science writer .
He is my favorite player .
He has broken almost every record in cricket history .
However the reason I like him is because he always has proper decorum in front of others , such as news reporters and senior players .
Also , I would also like to see photos taken by others ( Valli , Sindhu , Ram , Manny etc . )
To learn more about bowling one should watch Akram , Warne and Murli .
You can go to knoxvilleraceway.com and read the article .
And it has very many contributions and is updated very often .
On the one hand , it allows students to understand and translate ancient texts and helps them to learn about cultures from the past .
These days , Japan is in a very difficult situation due to some social issues .
I am absolutely attracted by the city 's charm , and I look forward to having great success in the next few years , even though I am now just twenty years old .
The last week of September , I told my best girlfriend at the time , Pablo , that I was interested in The Boy .
But once I actually saw him and chilled with him for awhile , I began to wonder how I had ever managed without him .
By the way , how much difference does it make if you get these certifications ?
This means you can set the time you want to leave , because you do not have to respect a specific timetable .
I do n’t know if things can work out , so I do n’t know if I should just try to move on .
When I tried to buy the ticket for the film , I was recommended by the clerk to watch the 3D version , but I heard from my friends that some people tend to feel sick while watching 3D films .
Anastasia 's song tells a story of a victim . Meanwhile , the others talk about women that feel guilty because they have hurt men .
Since music can help us experience emotions and thoughts about all sorts of things , there 's no doubt that we like listening to it .
Suddenly , I 'm a little bit frustrated about the situation because I ca n't respond to people immediately .
Sometimes , I do wish that I could control my own happiness , which is impossible since I 'm not even sure what 'll make me happy .
I am now expecting a child , and I want my mother to be a major part of my child 's life , but with her unpredictable behavior , I am not certain I even want her to be around my child .
One of the reasons why I chose Canada is that I thought I could buy Canadian brand clothes at a cheaper price .
But I have realized that it 's unrealistic for me to be interesting and thoughtful every time I talk with my friends in the real world .
Tomorrow will be my last day here and then I will go back to the UK .
I guess the reason that I experience these contradictory feelings is because I believe that I can do as good as I want , if I just tell myself to do it .
When all is said and done , the only thing that will have changed is that we will all be working for less money with fewer benefits .
It takes no account of animal welfare and environmental considerations , and , in my view , is in fact totally out of step with the growing importance which most consumers attach to these values .
It is a ciclical process .
Rome had its hayday in the first century AD , but just three centuries later it was only a shadow of its past .
The pyramids were not made by machines or computers and that is from the secrets of the ancient Egyptians of how they could build a great building like that about 7,000 years ago and it is still strong now . People from all over the world come to Egypt to see it s great civilization . Around 2 million people come to the pyramids yearly . You can be one of them .
But the cultic groups that have sprung up around nanotechnology who wish to use it to control other people first and foremost , are the real problem here , and organized religion , as well as secular liberal democratic society , must seriously come to grapple with this challenge and resist the diminishing of freedoms and rights and what it means to be human .
No one can deny it .
But for sure , there will be many developments in the coming months , and no one can evaluate what the future will look like here .
We will lose all its advantages and benefits once such a technology is banned , which will lead to more casualties and threats to society .
Let 's take a closer look at both probability and potential outcomes .
To conclude , it is impossible to argue against the fact that people 's lives will change in the next years , but these changes will help to improve our environment and our daily life .
With the prospect of more wars on the horizon , can we expect a recurrence of the Vietnam reality ?
I could lie and say that I do n't , but who would I be fooling ?
Some here seem to believe that human exceptionalism itself is unsustainable and that the only solution is to use any means necessary to ensure there are fewer of us , not just in the long term but soon .
Time and again , they have sought to police their own ranks in their own ways , due largely to fears of persecution that are embedded in the very genesis of the Church , supported by much of its history and evoked by its signal symbol : the crucifixion of Jesus Christ .
The reason why , ten years later , a similar technical defect also caused the Chernobyl Accident is because people did not pay enough attention to nuclear safety and therefore did not learn a lesson from the prior accidents , which were not purely due to a technical problem and which could have been solved by applying psychology .
In fact , I only partially agree with the report in question , since I find there are certain critical points that do not allow me to express a fully positive opinion of it .
To : Alex
From : Elena
13/06/00
The summer holidays are coming !
Hello , Kim !
Over the last two weeks , it has become clear to me that I need to spend some time back home and in the company of other Christians .
First of all , I would like to travel in July because I am planning to visit my Mum in Korea in August . I also prefer staying in log cabins to tents .
Do you remember all of your passwords ?
While I was staying in London , I went to see one of your musical shows , " Over The Rainbow " , because I had read the ad in the newspaper , and I thought it would be an interesting experience .
It would be terrific if you came with me , is it possible ?
Could you tell me why ?
Despite the fact that this social policy requires a lot of money , it is crucial because senior citizens are part of our society and as responsible members of society , it is our duty to take care of their welfare when they are unable to do so themselves .
Beaches and parks also provide an avenue for the aged to keep fit and stay healthy , cutting down unnecessary healthcare costs that arise from age-related problems .
Although not all elderly people would be willing to use the facilities or take part in activities , the centres advertise the activities through banners and flyers or even the mass media to encourage the elderly to be active and healthy .
In this area , you can find many facilities , such as two swimming pools , a tennis court and a volleyball court .
The first thing I would like to inform you of is that making the trip in August would be more convenient for me and for the company I work for ; in September I am usually very busy and have more responsibilities .
I look forward to hearing from you and wish to disclose that I am
Best wishes .
Simonetta
The night resulted in me curling up on the couch at a party and trying not to fall asleep .
I got sick of hiding , so I left the house and cautiously walked back home .
As you can see the portrait as attached hereto , he is not good - looking at all but rather , he looks like a tired Japanese salaried man in a crowded train .
One of my suitemates mentioned that she wanted to come watch with me , but she was sleeping , and I kind of doubted that she would wake up .
To her credit , the girl did not cry .
At this point , I started crying .
She was Russian ... ... and I 'm reasonably sure her husband would have killed a few people at some point in his life .
He told me that he had not been able to close a door .
They both came from poor families . My father was a prisoner of war in the Second World War .
I think she even said that it was my own fault .
I felt jittery while speaking it not , because there was something wrong that would have happened to me , but I was anxious about whether I had forgotten what I had learned or not .
In that very moment I was shocked and I was afraid that the pictures I had taken would be blurry or damaged .
It is uncomfortable to stay in an unfamiliar place .
After all , it is the place we all live in .
But we all had great enthusiasm , and after a few months , things started getting much better .
I feel happy that it is all coming together .
The Grand Place is the central square of Brussels .
The few houses themselves are set around a very old Romanesque church , which is bordered by a traditional farmyard for raising sheep and cows .
These were groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters .
The grandparents help their children take care of the kids . the children and grandchildren love them .
then , some people died .
Each building is decorated with the blazon of the corporation .
It has huge windows and is all brick and beautiful .
This is because most people are enjoying summer vacations , and there are many events where people drink .
The square is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianized area .
For example , when you go to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City , you can see lots of historical monuments and items belonging to American history and also other countries ' history .
The town is very small , but is known for its traditional cityscape , where I could see beautiful antique gas lamps standing along stone streets and some buildings which had been built about 100 years ago .
Moreover , there are many outdoor events throughout the year including festivals and seasonal customs such as cherry blossom viewing .
For example , when you go to the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City , you can see lots of historical monuments and items belonging to American history and also other countries ' history .
C . , for this reason nowadays the city conserves several Roman monuments like a wall , a theatre , a forum , and other important archaeological sites .
The chapel was flattened in 1802 , but the portico with its detailed sculptures of leaves has been preserved at Cluny .
In the Art Center , There were great masterpieces , well - made garments from famous designers and beautiful garden .
Among the attractions on Saturday will be Thumbelina , the world ’s smallest horse , along with demonstrations of grooming , shoeing of horses by a farrier , a modern horse ambulance , and visits by riders and horses from the Parks Enforcement Patrol .
Unlike the foreign headquarters of other powerful banks , there is no grand collection of art on display at the entrance .
The legend says that all the maps of the world are hidden in the temple , protected by a guardian called Soneka the dreamer . He is an ancient warrior and his objective is to kill everyone who tries to steal the maps of the cartographer .
The reason I like Kyoto is because there are many beautiful historic buildings .
Poland is a country with rich history and tradition .
Over the course of the next two weeks , we will escort our guests to many well - renowned places , such as Disneyland , Catalina , and Universal Studios .
Since I started speaking English a couple of years ago , my conversational skills have improved a lot , but I am not content with my writing skills ; I hardly write essays myself .
Though I 've been studying English for several years in China , I still find it very difficult to convey my ideas freely to others and understand people with different accents .
A clear example is that watching television in another language is of vital importance if you aim to learn new vocabulary or improve your comprehension skills , and it makes studying a language really fun and enjoyable .
When I was young , I did not like to read novels because I thought that novels were just fiction and would not apply to my real life .
Like many students in Japan , I can read English , but can not write and speak well .
I find that I can totally ignore spoken voices on TV or radio while I read , but I have serious difficulty tuning out music .
Because I had decided to take my exam in June , it was absolutely necessary to enrol in an English preparation course as soon as possible .
The seminar explained the importance of academic English , especially for those like me who would like to enroll in a graduate school .
For the application , I had many things to do ; I had to write essays , have interviews , and pass an English test .
Also , since the ultimate purpose of education is employment , it 's necessary for students to get a rudimentary grasp of what skills are required in the workplace , and this can only be achieved through previous work experience .
This one 's for Danie ... the magician says , " I 'm going to pull out a rabbit from my hat " and you say , " that 's impossible ! "
Cursive writing today could easily be limited to learning how to write your own name and read all the letters , and nothing would really change .
Adolescence sucks .
Because there is no longer a draft , there is a huge gap between military and civilians . Most people see that as great . They would rather go shopping : we do n’t know , as long as we do n’t know , we do n’t care .
Oftentimes , you sit on the bench and you think you can coach and you want to coach , but until you get the opportunity , you 're never quite certain .
The Existence of turmoil is part of our lives .
But when they do this , they expose a lot of details about themselves , details that everyone can see , especially strangers .
But the longer the TV crew remains , the more violent the crowd gets : people are desperate , especially when they think they 're vying for a few pieces of food or water that they may not get if they 're not out in front .
As human beings , we need to come to terms with our meanness and how it creeps into how we interact and communicate with others on a daily basis .
As a leader , you tend to have to deal with things that others might not know , that can just make you really wonder what God is doing .
But the worst thing of all is that they are often the victim of malicious gossip , which most of the time is not even true .
But the longer the TV crew remains , the more violent the crowd gets : people are desperate , especially when they think they 're vying for a few pieces of food or water that they may not get if they 're not out in front .
No matter how much we encourage young people to care for their parents , it 's still their personal choice ; the society or the government can not force them to do their part .
To sum it up , based on the points I have made , I think it is very important for boys and girls to know each other well and construct a healthy relationship with each other .
I think it is just a reality that all Vancouver girls have to accept and embrace .
I live with my family now , but it 's not the same with my brother and dad . They almost seem more like room mates than family .
Have you ever asked yourselves this question ? What is life about ? At first it 's easy to answer : our life is full of dark and bright colors ; it 's full of happy and sad memories ; it 's full of joy and sorrow , love and hatred .
I do n’t see horror or monster movies , but when another kind of movie shows the destruction of New York , I figure it is symbolic of something , but what that would be is in the viewer ’s eyes .
But there is a disadvantage too . If we read the script before the play , since we know what the play is about , we will not feel any surprise when we watch it .
There is a time in a person 's life when it gets all dark , and then they go and find what we call a bed .
Dear ABC ,
In conclusion , I would like to express my thanks to all those who have provided help and support in the drafting of this report .
Once again , I am very happy to have such a good opportunity and I hope this letter tells you what you want to know about me .
Walking on a city street , it 's difficult to find parks or " green " places with trees and clean air : actually pollution , traffic and noise are the main problems of our society .
Walking around the mysterious streets can be a great experience . We can find some really nice people , including pilgrims crossing the village every day following the historic path of the Via de la Plata , which is located in Casar .
Just near the border of Italy , situated in the Swiss Alps at the southern end of the Matter Valley , Zermatt is a prime starting point for explorers who take the Haute Route to Chamonix and the Patrouille des Glaciers .
Sa Colònia de Sant Pere is a traditional fishermen village .
However , there are still a lot of people who have to ride a bike or walk outside .
Here is a joke .
The main advantage of having your own transport is that you do not have to wait for public transport . You can save time as you only need to accelerate your own transport and drive to your destination .
Its surroundings are also wonderful , and the city invites you to spend more time in the Alhambra , one of the last Muslim palaces in the world .
This area is a national park for ecological reasons .
Riding a bicycle and running outside are dangerous for us because roads are frozen .
Y no podemos hacer mas , " he replied ( And we can do no more ) .
One thing will die , and it is defined as something .
Far away from the noise of downtown , studying and living in the university is a very comfortable experience , and the quiet environment also helps us more focus on studying .
For a more authentic experience , ask a car to take you to the Canimar Abajo river entrance site , near a camping ground about 10 km from Matanzas .
The tradition is that in all the streets there are long tables with Catalan flags selling all kinds of books and roses .
It was very fun to visit many monuments such as the cathedral and the Victory Square , which were built several centuries ago .
In the mid afternoon , the boat will return to collect you and transfer you back to Gran Roque .
A year ago , the ski area was covered in forest , while the location for the Olympic park used to be private houses with vegetable gardens .
To improve your skills , you can practise alone and you will become better than before .
Most of the islands are suitable for snorkelling , so if you are going to snorkel , you will have the chance to see many different types of marine organisms like corals , fish and shells .
Everywhere on the island , you can see many rabbits relaxing , and you can also feed and pet them .
But if you write it in Korean , there is a difference .
During the rubber age , there was no urban life around the building , which is completely different from today , of course , since there is a restored square and a church in front of the theater , that are the same age as the theater and it is surrounded by art galleries , pubs , offices , houses , restaurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families usually go to appreciate the breeze at the end of a warm day and during the night .
On the other hand , there is a prehistorical tower called " Talaiot " .
The detail of the trip is not decided yet .
Maybe it was a defensive tower or an important building for high - class people .
When the sun shines , people are panting in the streets and complaining that it 's too hot .
If one is fascinated by the amazing scenery of the landscape , one could stay there for another day instead of being forced away by the guide .
Because nearly all of the archipelago is preserved as a national park , there are only two permitted anchorages , here at Baquerizo Moreno and at Puerto Ayora on the nearby island of Santa Cruz .
Ca los Cans is a mixture of sea , nature and culture .
I am writing in response to your letter , in which you told me I am the winner in your competition , and my intention is to try to give you all the information you may need .
Boiling
Nancy
Internet Dictionary .
In addition , these are recommendations which will find favour with the Court of Auditors , because they involve changes which may help us overcome some of the problems currently experienced in the management of the PHARE programme .
The team will use the K2 leisure centre , which has a 50 m swimming pool , a running track and other facilities .
The backyard
All of the salon 's employees are very cheerful and amiable to customers .
On the other hand , it 's impossible to imagine our life without computers and television .
Only public transport is permitted on the main streets , because it is used by a lot of people .
and a cafeteria .
People are not allowed to jump in the water at the end of the pool because it is too dangerous .
Swimming will be a good exercise for people who are not able to jog or even walk .
Driving my own car seems really convenient for travelling , but public transportation is the most effective way to take people from one place to another .
Conclusion :
In my opinion , the swimming pool is convenient because you can walk to swim if you live in town , but it is very expensive , particularly for young people .
However , underground trains and buses are equipped with such powerful heating systems that you forget about the cold .
The Future of Public Transport
However , nuclear power always conjures up images of catastrophes , tremendous capital investment and wars .
In fact , there are more and more people who do not have to rely on government help .
Technology allows us to have more time for leisure or for other things we really like to do . We can take care of those we love and give them more attention ; time is not really a problem .
Travelling by car is preferred by some people because of its convenience and advantages .
Is it really possible that the end of public transport is soon to come ?
In my view , this is not just a moral issue .
For addicts , this problem is more dangerous , because basically they may not control spending money even though they are insolvent .
Once technology and the standard of living are improved , many people left the traditional habit of using public transportation and chose the car for several reasons .
As a result , some might still choose public transportation over private transport .
Science fiction often depicts future as the world where cars are used freely .
Anyone can use the nearest car he or she sees .
On the other hand , teenagers are becoming more dependent on cellphones , video games and television , which make them be more sedentary .
However , Jenson ( 2007 ) reported that it is inevitable that individuals have a higher tendency to consume more healthcare services as they age because of their susceptibility to diseases .
Of course , traffic emissions will increase , because it is by far the most effective way of transporting people and goods .
The charts below give information about the most important reasons for studying among students of different age groups and the amount of support they received from employers .
According to the chart , the two countries with the lowest salaries are Country A and Country B.
In other words , governments greatly appreciate the contributions of the elderly and try to offer them more , though they are constrained by a limited budget to do so .
There are also states that systematically adapt their tax systems so that less well - off sections of the population can obtain net gains from tax cuts , instead of tax cuts only benefiting those in the more prosperous population groups .
We have a relatively small number of users and a low incidence of AIDS contamination and drugs - related deaths , and the statistics show that , compared with other countries in Europe , fewer young people are moving on from soft to hard drugs and that the use of hard drugs is declining .
For employees earning above the minimum wage , firms pay 45 % in payroll taxes , next to 13 % in Britain .
In conclusion , I believe that it is certainly right that famous people accept their situation , with all the advantages and disadvantages it brings . On the other hand , however , I think that they deserve to have a private life like all other people have .
By the way , most of the fast food products in the US are also available in Europe , and the problems here are also very evident , but fortunately the fast food industry here has not yet managed to warp most people ’s appetite for good food .
However , there are many car and motorcycle accidents in Japan ,
All professional boxers are at risk from being killed in his next fight .
If not killed then more likely paralysed .
The various accidents that have taken place in the field of oil exploration and extraction over the years have acted as a warning of the dangers of this activity .
This is just from the elite few , and there s more from those below them .
More deaths would occur through boxing if it were banned .
In those days , surgery was associated with high mortality , and few physicians were willing or able to peer into the air and food passages , let alone remove objects like open safety pins .
If the leaders of the European Union are going to persist in mixing international organised crime with immigration , we are going to have a problem .
As a result , American prisons are now packed not only with thugs and rapists but also with petty thieves , small - time drug dealers and criminals who , though scary when they were young and strong , are now too grey and arthritic to pose a threat .
While the coalition government has announced 150,000 new affordable homes will be built in Britain , cuts to social housing and the difficulty facing first time buyers when it comes to getting mortgages mean that more and more people are being forced to rent privately .
The likely elimination of all bar one of the English representation will ignite further concern about the quality of the English club game .
For example , the installation of grab bars around the tub and toilet bowl can help to prevent falls and reduce the risk of slipping ( ) . The invention of the elevator and escalator allows the elderly for easy movement from one storey to another in a building and the installation of bedside controls for lights and other appliances reduces the trouble of moving around just to switch off certain appliances .
And after the defendant — accused of ordering her husband ’s murder in 2007 and facing life in prison — decided to testify , the judge forbade her to explain why she did certain peculiar things , like buying a spy camera and secretly recording conversations .
A lot of American guys love to watch sports , such as football , baseball , basketball and ice hockey .
Boxers chose to box , just as racing drivers drive .
The paradox of the situation is that everyone virtuously condemns this type of society , but very few venture to combat the causes , which are primarily the bureaucratization of certain social systems , the absence of community priority for employment and the release of a simplistic world free trade policy , which is a perversion of true free trade .
The reality remains , however ; the conscientious , slow and methodical reconstruction of a country devastated by decades of war is not as attractive to the media as the war itself .
The paradox of the situation is that everyone virtuously condemns this type of society , but very few venture to combat the causes , which are primarily the bureaucratization of certain social systems , the absence of community priority for employment and the release of a simplistic world free trade policy , which is a perversion of true free trade .
I take an optimistic view of human history , which , in spite of everything , is a struggle for goodness , a struggle that is spurred on by an ever more obvious and decisive value : the dignity of each and every human being .
In a sense , the debates , speeches , negative ads and primary election nights served as a real - life version of “ The Sopranos ” in its infancy , a saga that changed the way we watch and drew new audiences to the set , including younger people who mostly ignore the news and download their entertainment from the Internet .
From time to time , Mr. Schechter insists on the larger significance of the case as a preview of things to come in American culture , especially the transmutation of real events into entertainment ( there is even an early , if feeble , instance of paparazzi journalism ) , but these arguments are not especially compelling .
With three decades of defining the study of literature and history as a melodrama of race , class , and gender oppression , it has managed to turn off college students and the general reading public .
In this respect , he follows in the footsteps of Pictures Generation artists like Sherrie Levine , whose photographs of famous photographs subvert conventional ideas about photography and originality ; and Louise Lawler , whose photographs taken in the homes of collectors and museum storage rooms document the private lives of famous artworks .
In his argument , he does not recognize that literature is a sustained reflection upon the way that imagination and the unreliability of language permeates human experience .
How does Voltaire tackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
It seems that the creation of ontology is a fundamental human tendency that allows us to make sense of and survive in the world .
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this philosophy .
In the space of 100 words , Arik offers up an account of Kant , Plato , and the entirety of deconstruction – and anyone who disagrees is obviously wrong .
The whole book is a criticism of l'optimisme .
He visits his family in Cuba every year , and is furious that anyone would try to separate him from his family .
That could provide an unnecessary distraction , but Redknapp is no fool and will handle the situation well — as he has done in the past with other older players .
Scenes are built around gags or short routines , which tell two parallel stories : In one , the Tramp falls for a blind flower girl ( Virginia Cherrill in a remarkably unsentimental performance ) who thinks he ’s a man of means ; in the other , he befriends a suicidal millionaire ( Harry Myers ) , who when drunk loves the Tramp and when sober shows him the door .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which destroys the city to which Candide was sailing to .
On arrival they see starvation and death .
D'Artagnan decides that it is time for Martini 's daily flogging , so he ties Martini up and beats him up a little .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
Yet the reality is that he would fervently disagree with them on the issue of immigration , and , as a deeply pragmatic politician , find their rigid ideological purity unappealing .
In this case , there are Ian ’s other houseguests , including a British laureate poet named Crumley and his younger , pregnant wife , Posy ; his neighbors , the beautiful Gazi and her ill - tempered husband , Khaled ; and a French Muslim girl named Suma who says she ’s come to Marrakech to escape her brother , who wants to kill her for bringing dishonor upon their family .
The disguised Prince Calaf loves Turandot and manages to correctly answer the riddles , but he gives her the possibility to avoid marrying him : if she can find out what his name is by the next day , he will die .
From the novel 's outset , the author turns to the much - debated secret love life of the independent - minded poet , who was interpreted in 1970s literary criticism as someone who rebelled in her writing against notions of 19th century femininity which confined women to households and marriage .
Introducing psychology in the design process only makes a difference in human behavior , but many industrial accidents are not only caused by a single human error .
The first book is written from Anna 's view .
In this case , there are Ian ’s other houseguests , including a British laureate poet named Crumley and his younger , pregnant wife , Posy ; his neighbors , the beautiful Gazi and her ill - tempered husband , Khaled ; and a French Muslim girl named Suma who says she ’s come to Marrakech to escape her brother , who wants to kill her for bringing dishonor upon their family .
Turandot is touched by Calaf 's sincerity and love and proclaims that the name of the unknown is love .
Within weeks of arriving in France , Verey is bewitched by the promise of a new life and decides to buy the Mas Lunel .
Also , he has been getting sicker and sicker by the day .
This illustrates emphatically the folly of l'optimisme .
When Emily decides to hide in a nearby cave rather than be sent away to live with her father , David ’s motives for helping her are complex — he tells himself that he ’s being a loyal friend , but he relishes her need for him and the subtle power shift that results .
Contrasting a world with no emotion to the world of Shakespeare gives such a set of extremes ; Huxley admits no middle ground in the book .
As a consequence , we have inherited a large body of political and public opinion which is not committed to European integration and this has acted as a brake on our European ambitions .
It is important to gain awareness about different cultures due to the fact that Britain is becoming such a multicultural society .
232 years ago , when there were just 13 colonies trying to create the first union of the United States , issues of race nearly derailed the whole democratic experiment before it began .
A nation 's military spending always takes up a substantial proportion of its fiscal budget due to the importance of having a strong defense force to defend itself against aggressors should diplomatic negotiations fail .
Some might find that contrary to natural justice , but there is no doubt that liberal governments and exponents of international civil society and universal jurisdiction such as Amnesty have fully supported the coming into being of the ICC , whilst ensuring a minimum of public debate over its flaws and its ability to cause political mischief for the Americans .
Some might find that contrary to natural justice , but there is no doubt that liberal governments and exponents of international civil society and universal jurisdiction such as Amnesty have fully supported the coming into being of the ICC , whilst ensuring a minimum of public debate over its flaws and its ability to cause political mischief for the Americans .
Our main goal is the abolition of capital punishment , but as the group of countries that apply the death penalty contains some very important countries , cooling relations with them is not a viable solution .
This political illusion is more dangerous than imperial unilateralism or blind pacifism : while ostensibly guiding Europe , it has divided it ; it has divided the Fifteen , it has offended the countries of Eastern Europe at the very time of the reunification process , it has widened the gap between the Union and the United States and , before the right of veto could be exercised , it has helped to paralyse the Security Council , justifying military intervention outside the context of the UN .
The truth of the matter , which is serious , appears to be that the public is not sufficiently convinced because Europe is too concerned with specific issues concerning the individual states and is not doing enough to combat the major problems such as unemployment , migration , human rights , the renegotiation of the world 's financial system , the financial bubble , relations with the United States and Europe ' s capacity to build a healthy economy and exert its own influence in the world .
Realistically , two BNP MEPs are going to have zero impact on our daily lives - but the continued failure of our national government in the European arena is already having an impact .
As a society , we can not lose sight of these ideals .
An adult European Union must be able to enforce its foreign policy by military means , including during the times the United States does not support this .
If every single amendment to the Constitution is to depend on the unanimity of the 25 or 27 - or , in future , even more - Member States , then the risk is that this great step in the history of Europe will ultimately serve to constrain Europe 's future and put an end to its hopes .
So while Congress ' power to make exceptions may be plenary , that does not mean that every exercise of that power is as broad as possible .
In various parts of the European Union , there are growing demands for the continuous deregulation and free speculation we are witnessing today to be replaced by a situation in which unbridled capitalism is controlled by political decisions .
Maybe in the world without metals we would have to fix our glasses with tape and hunt or fight against enemies using nunchakus . It has been reported that they are the most dangerous weapons in our normal world except guns and knives . . .
If this is a question of economic betterment , perhaps we should really look at the global system that allows for the continuation of these drastic income differences .
We have seen in other countries how , once they have become members of the European Union , their enthusiasm has waned considerably .
Whenever necessary , she has allied herself to European powers , such as in times of war of extreme distrust .
Pakistan ’s latest military successes in the border region have boosted its confidence as it seeks to play a more central role in resolving the Afghan war .
In the latter half century though , her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
In Spain , the church presents all these contradictions : it is culturally very strong , and rooted in one half of a divided society .
Even a court of law does not simply apply the law on its own in such cases .
In fact , I believe that the political legacy we have acquired - the independence of the Office - is one which should first be put into practice and then adapted and improved later .
Our main goal is the abolition of capital punishment , but as the group of countries that apply the death penalty contains some very important countries , cooling relations with them is not a viable solution .
If we do not address this , we can expect major destabilisation , an increase in rioting and potentially significant problems with international migration as people move out to avoid food and water shortages .
Politicians , unfortunately , have found it expedient to exacerbate ethnic and religious tensions as a means of prolonging a political system that benefits the few at the expense of the many .
It does not make sense in terms of the reputation of the European Union for applying fair and sensible regulations across Europe .
Will there just be one system ?
When people are frightened , governments can manipulate that fear to increase power , as the present administration has done .
In my opinion , ultra - liberal globalisation is a machine for destroying the economic , social and cultural fabric of nations .
Simply put , the European Union shows that it can provide community solutions to large - scale , complex problems where others have failed .
Of course Britain would lose her sovereignty , as would the other nations of the union .
A single Members ’ statute , with an appropriate privileges and immunity regime , is an essential prerequisite for an increasingly well - integrated political union , whose system of large - scale representation is based on principles of democracy .
In the long term , economic and political freedom can not be divided .
We can not assume that because we have something under control in the European Union , it is universally under control .
We know what we have always been . It is harder for others to adjust since they saw us as something totally different .
The truth of the matter , which is serious , appears to be that the public is not sufficiently convinced because Europe is too concerned with specific issues concerning the individual states and is not doing enough to combat the major problems such as unemployment , migration , human rights , the renegotiation of the world 's financial system , the financial bubble , relations with the United States and Europe ' s capacity to build a healthy economy and exert its own influence in the world .
If we want to achieve this goal , we need to have more political ambition and a single , forceful and radical voice against those who violate human rights .
Compared to those times , I think that Japanese people have become weak in many ways .
That is a huge macro social problem that stems from the policies of an uncaring government and a society that is racist and cruel .
The truth of the matter , which is serious , appears to be that the public is not sufficiently convinced because Europe is too concerned with specific issues concerning the individual states and is not doing enough to combat the major problems such as unemployment , migration , human rights , the renegotiation of the world 's financial system , the financial bubble , relations with the United States and Europe ' s capacity to build a healthy economy and exert its own influence in the world .
Long acknowledged as a leader in innovation , Britain is struggling to realise the sector ’s full economic potential – a problem for the government as it seeks a route out of the crisis .
If we do not close the loopholes that facilitate fraud , we will compound our problems , resulting in increased cynicism and hostility towards the European Union .
This issue can not be avoided .
In future , we will have to concern ourselves with the internal stability of the continent , which means combating poverty , because otherwise it will be difficult to sustain the economic and political successes achieved in recent years .
I am sorry to say that certain delegates have repeatedly done exactly that ; for example , there is one who only makes reference to one region in the fight against racism , thereby giving an exaggerated impression of the problems which exist on a European and worldwide scale .
Throughout the world a wind of change is apparent , but especially so in Europe .
It is essential for the EU to play a more active role in this part of the world , and it must not leave the people involved to the mercy of the Russians and the Americans .
The opportunities that each of us has to influence others ' actions positively and for the benefit of all are by no means negligible , and the European Union , which is ever more European and ever more united , must fully accept its responsibility as the friend and ally of the United States .
For this to be effective , sufficient resources have to be made available .
And in this context , we will be unable to fully extend such initiatives to all countries and regions .
The truth of the matter , which is serious , appears to be that the public is not sufficiently convinced because Europe is too concerned with specific issues concerning the individual states and is not doing enough to combat the major problems such as unemployment , migration , human rights , the renegotiation of the world 's financial system , the financial bubble , relations with the United States and Europe ' s capacity to build a healthy economy and exert its own influence in the world .
In my view , Article 82 is indeed the only legal basis on which we can carry on , and I hope that more light will be shed on the situation within the foreseeable future , because major mergers within the medicine sector almost always lead to huge cuts in employment .
We have developed into a surveillance society due to great advancement in technology .
It seems revealing that in practice , congestion might conceivably reduce gas prices as it prevents us from wasting as much as we would prefer to .
While some aspects of inequality have clearly improved and Britain is a markedly more tolerant society than 30 years ago , in a world where money often equates with power , the sheer scale of economic inequality in Britain is a big impediment to our well - being and success .
The North Sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
If necessary , we should try to extend these beneficial effects to the other countries in this troubled region , in order to encourage a degree of regional economic integration .
Such an initiative would bring people closer .
By predicting such problems , measures can be taken before an accident can happen .
It is the same in all countries , but it is difficult to monitor and I should like to see if the police authorities are up to this .
We could not do otherwise , because anyone with a broad vision of community economic growth can not dismiss the growth of small and medium - sized enterprises .
But I think that this photo is reflecting my inherent state now .
This industry is regarded as competitive under the current GSP , which sets a threshold of 10 % before customs duties are introduced , or which , in other words , enables balanced competition despite differences in salaries and welfare conditions .
Despite all this , the economic foundations of the European Union are still solid . However , under these conditions , we can not stop and relax , but must continue with our reforms .
This must be Europe 's objective : the citizen , not capital , must increase its power .
We have been told that the road map will see the light of day before we all run out of roads .
Europe unites in peace and freedom because it has accepted a revolutionary principle in international relations , namely that of community integration .
It was said that Europe would not be created quickly , but over several years .
In some applicant countries , public opinion is becoming progressively less positive towards membership of the European Union .
With that situation on hand , many policies makers and governments are debating on the amount of public spending that should be allocated for the aged .
The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992 but Britain seems to be decidedly hesitant .
As a consequence , we have inherited a large body of political and public opinion which is not committed to European integration and this has acted as a brake on our European ambitions .
In this way , bringing technology onto the market will also mean large - scale benefits that transport companies , above all , will enjoy in terms of decreasing costs .
These people argue that even if the Fed has defused the immediate liquidity crisis facing the financial system , much pain lies ahead in the housing market and the broader economy .
The national interior ministers will have less and less control of Europol . There will be no advantages in terms of the fight against crime .
The promotion of green technologies at community level does not only involve finding an alternative solution to the energy crisis , but also boosting economic growth and creating new jobs .
In order to encourage enterprises to create more new jobs , Member States must exploit the current favourable macro - economic climate to reverse the adverse long - term trend towards higher taxes and , indeed , charges on labour , which have increased from 35 % in 1980 to over 42 % in 1995 .
These proposals will cripple the British ability to compete in Europe .
In several cases , these are becoming global standards , and the next stage is to ensure that the regulation governing this area is properly implemented and evenly enforced across the European Union .
For a long time , Ireland and the UK were reluctant to do so due to deep - seated distrust .
A community approach is therefore required to create uniform rules , close loopholes and strike a balance between the need to control and requirements concerning the protection of the internal market and the free movement of capital .
No doubt , as soon as the war begins , other European leaders , along with Tony Blair , will bend to the will of the United States , ignoring the views of the people , which says a lot about our democracy .
Most people in uniform did not .
If the world lost confidence in the dollar ( or the British pound ) then what [ damaging ] results can occur ?
What we should be about , if we are sensible in the years that lie ahead , is giving the members greater powers and the President reduced powers .
Some may argue that limiting public spending on the aged while funding other aspects of development will neglect the aging population 's needs .
As the date draws nearer , the awareness of Britons to Europe must increase .
Meanwhile , thinking about risks of the future is needed for business people .
But do they realise that if Lisbon is ratified , neutrality will end and they will become subject to the foreign policy and military ambitions of the European Union ?
These days , it is the Asian nations and the big emerging economies that are most comfortable with globalisation – and it is they that are urging westerners not to give up on free trade .
Britain has never geographically been a part of Europe .
We must allow people to have a better life and , if we can lower the costs , our economy will improve and ordinary people will benefit from it .
We know what we have always been . It is harder for others to adjust since they saw us as something totally different .
I recognize the country has issues and needs a lot of things fixed , but I am sure the majority of Americans do not think the nation should be fundamentally changed .
We are also opposed to the creation of an anti - cyclical jobs fund at the international level , as there is a risk that it will preserve old and obsolete structures , thereby preventing the growth and development of new jobs .
Over the past few decades , the status of females , whether in politics or in business , has taken a huge leap which is leading more and more people to believe that gender equality is absolutely possible one day .
An obvious example of its superficial growth is the ridiculous and criminal obsession with bringing down borders , which of course does not fail to make police controls increasingly difficult and which , above all , encourages internationalism , which has always been the greatest weapon of all forms of terrorism since time immemorial .
Secondly , building policies are important .
In my view , these are important points , which can also be supported by technological development .
But there is always a cost , and if you ask those operators to bear additional costs today , you are going to slow down the distribution of the product ; people who can not afford to pay for a mobile phone today will never be able to afford it .
This economic growth is important because it allows the country to have the power to improve its citizens ' quality of life .
Of course , Europe should be a protective community in which fundamental rights are guaranteed .
With an educated workforce , the country will be able to ask for better wages for their citizens and hence increase their standards of living .
Not only will Internet users be better informed about what happens to their personal data , but it will also become easier for them to exercise control over their personal information in practice .
Hence , the CPF has indeed helped to ease the aging process and the financial burden of the elderly as it requires people to save in advance and also informs citizens on how much they should save in order to be self- sufficient for their old age .
Logically , this should be easy and work perfectly .
We must allow people to have a better life and , if we can lower the costs , our economy will improve and ordinary people will benefit from it .
This is indeed the situation we are faced with because of the adoption of the Amsterdam Treaty , which is building a European superstate at the cost of a real decline in democracy .
Between them , these two countries produce twice as many people with advanced degrees in engineering or computer sciences as the United States every year ( more if you allow for the fact that 50 % of American engineering degrees are awarded to foreigners , most of them Indians or Chinese ) .
Why should I let him ?
And Canada , of course , has a strong tradition in science and research .
It is possible that it could become engulfed in the new Single Europe and lose its identity .
One may argue that older people are forgetful and are not able to learn new things .
If we do not make a new start based on this reality , Europe will have no future .
The big question is whether we can achieve our objective , but the question also is whether there is fair competition .
In recent years , public spending on the aged has gradually increased , sparking countless discussions about whether public spending on the aged should be limited , so that the money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
Externally , it is impossible to ignore the use of energy as a weapon in external relations , in particular by promoting EU disunity in this area , the equivocal role it has played in the Iranian issue , and its unwillingness to force China to commit itself to human rights , among others .
We feel that these decisions are crucial in terms of the reform of the Union : without them , any discussion of its structure will be academic , and it is clear that , now that the single currency and the Central Bank have been established , Europe is in need of new political unity and , as has been said , a fresh boost for economic growth and social cohesion .
That means that it is difficult to discuss the issue with my colleagues .
After all , it is as clear as day that Turkey does not meet the conditions for accession to the EU , and that this will still be the case in 10 , 15 or 20 years ' time .
The truth of the matter , which is serious , appears to be that the public is not sufficiently convinced because Europe is too concerned with specific issues concerning the individual states and is not doing enough to combat the major problems such as unemployment , migration , human rights , the renegotiation of the world 's financial system , the financial bubble , relations with the United States and Europe ' s capacity to build a healthy economy and exert its own influence in the world .
Thirdly , we fully agree that it is necessary to reform labour relations in Europe , but that clearly means for us that we must protect and enrich human capital .
Our houses will change because of new technology , which may make our lives more comfortable .
The European Union aspires to harmonious and open relations with its Asian partners in order to free these populations from poverty .
The European Union aspires to harmonious and open relations with its Asian partners in order to free these populations from poverty .
However , if Europe 's goal of full employment is to be more than just the egotistic vision of a wealthy community , it must be translated into a global objective of accompanying the process of liberalisation of free trade with active employment policies which will help to produce active societies and thus lead to social inclusion : by overcoming what is known as the digital divide , by building up human capital , by promoting self - employment .
Apart from anything else , we can not overlook the fact that there is a problem , Cyprus , that is actually unique in its essence : in other words , a country that is a candidate for EU accession that occupies the land of another country and continues to occupy it by extending its domain over this island and exercising absolute nonliberal power over the people of the island .
If some Member States need more time , then let us have a new deadline ; but in the interests of our people and of Europe ’s future in the world , the Constitution must not be shelved .
After all , the European Union came into existence very largely because of the suffering and the misery of two World Wars , but there is a new generation of young people growing up who do not know what the horrors of war really are .
At a time when urgent and consistent action is needed to tackle climate change , Europe has opted for a slow transition to a low carbon economy by means of derogations and free carbon allowances .
But now , there are two factors hampering the innovative design process .
The simple fact is that the world has evolved , and continues to evolve , away from the post WW II environment , and mindset , in which the US rose to become the world ’s pre - eminent economic and military power .
Such multi - people states dominated Europe before 1918 but , thanks to their fall , most European people were given the opportunity of governing themselves in a democratic manner .
But the cultic groups that have sprung up around nanotechnology who wish to use it to control other people first and foremost , are the real problem here , and organized religion , as well as secular liberal democratic society , must seriously come to grapple with this challenge and resist the diminishing of freedoms and rights and what it means to be human .
In each case , there has been an inevitable process of one - way integration , a sense that the European Union can only be successful if it acquires more and more power .
Its membership has grown from the ten original founder countries to twenty - three .
The translation of legislative , political and administrative documents allows the EU to fulfil its legal obligations and , at the same time , the system of multilingualism helps enhance the transparency , legitimacy and effectiveness of the Union .
For administrative and legislative simplification to become a reality , we must reject the concept of deregulation .
Furthermore , little progress has been made in preventing early school leaving and in reducing gender inequality and the guidelines that have been presented , specifically in the field of social security , structural reforms of the labour market work based on making work more flexible and more precarious and on wage moderation , and for pursuing the process of liberalisation in an increasing number of sectors , tend to aggravate the current situation .
Moreover , the European Community and the Member States are participating in ongoing negotiations , such as the draft anti - counterfeiting trade agreement , in order to render the protection of intellectual property rights more effective at the international level .
It is clear that states do not want interference in the tax systems , but they are wrong .
If the government finds that aging is a heavy burden , it is bound to decrease the necessary public expenditure , thereby forcing more people to use private health institutions .
Externally , it is impossible to ignore the use of energy as a weapon in external relations , in particular by promoting EU disunity in this area , the equivocal role it has played in the Iranian issue , and its unwillingness to force China to commit itself to human rights , among others .
In future , we will have to concern ourselves with the internal stability of the continent , which means combating poverty , because otherwise it will be difficult to sustain the economic and political successes achieved in recent years .
However , if Europe 's goal of full employment is to be more than just the egotistic vision of a wealthy community , it must be translated into a global objective of accompanying the process of liberalisation of free trade with active employment policies which will help to produce active societies and thus lead to social inclusion : by overcoming what is known as the digital divide , by building up human capital , by promoting self - employment .
With the increasingly globalised world and widespread travelling by people , there is greater mobility .
In conclusion , public transportation will still play an important role in transportation in a city , unless environmentally - friendly vehicles are promoted by the government and the roads and highways in a city are managed well to accommodate a huge number of cars .
Singapore 's constant upgrading of facilities such as having lifts that serve every floor of a building and replacing stairs with ramps , have facilitated the movement of the elderly .
In fact , tailgating has become even more rewarding , because governments are making special efforts to keep the roads clear , and the traffic police are all at conferences on safer driving .
The standard of living has improved for those who have money in Bangladesh , which means more people have the means to buy cars and hire drivers , and unfortunately , this results in a suffocating gridlock of traffic at all hours of the day .
Perhaps , It will be better to go a language academy than to rely on the regular education system . . .
Some of the policies that are implemented are simply not effective because they are not fully exploited by the elderly population in Singapore .
A number of studies have demonstrated that people are watching fewer advertisements , on the grounds that they can change channels and this is why advertisement breaks are increasingly shown at the same time across the various channels .
Secondly , people who use public transport are safer than others who use private cars if they drink more than usual and drive their cars ; there are a lot of car accidents due to drivers being drunk .
At the same time , congestion can be relieved and short flights replaced by railway transport services , which will result in a better balance between transport operators .
For me , people have become very lazy and they prefer the car rather than public transport , because you can take the car when you want and go where you want without spending hours waiting for the bus .
Another big thing is building a national high speed rail network , so that alternative transportation to either cars or airlines would become reality and thus further curb the nation 's oil / gas consumption .
The cut - off time for domestic flights is 30 minutes before departure , meaning that you would lose your confirmed seats if you show up less than half an hour before your flight leaves .
But there is always a cost , and if you ask those operators to bear additional costs today , you are going to slow down the distribution of the product ; people who can not afford to pay for a mobile phone today will never be able to afford it .
On the whole , as Singapore 's population ages rapidly , it accentuates the need to increase public spending on the aged in order to meet greater healthcare demands and the rising cost of living .
On the whole , as Singapore 's population ages rapidly , it accentuates the need to increase public spending on the aged in order to meet greater healthcare demands and the rising cost of living .
With the rising prices for public transport in London , commuters are choosing to use their cars more and more .
Secondly , people who use public transport are safer than others who use private cars if they drink more than usual and drive their cars ; there are a lot of car accidents due to drivers being drunk .
Secondly , public transport is better for the environment than using cars because a bus has more space than a car and many people can go on a bus , thus decreasing the amount of pollution and helping the environment .
With better and more affordable healthcare services provided for , the elderly can be healthier and more economically productive .
Today , with well over 50 percent of our population living in cities , we are rapidly becoming divorced from the realities of the animal world .
Presently , the most common energy source , which is coal-fired power generator , has been causing detrimental effects on the environment by releasing tremendous amounts of greenhouse gases and subsequently causing a rise in global warming .
There is absolutely no doubt that in tightening up or adopting the ozone directive we must find a reasonable compromise between the justifiable demand for improved air quality and the possibility for the European economy and society to reasonably adapt in particularly polluted regions .
Until recently , the problems of an aging population have become a major concern among all the nations throughout the world .
Today we claim to be fighting a war against drugs costing billions of francs , but this is mistaken because war supposes that you are prepared to kill the enemy and if we are afraid to impose the death penalty for trafficking , then we have lost the war against drugs . in advance .
When trying to catch this bus , you usually get there 30 minutes early , or just miss it by two minutes and have to wait another hour for the next one .
I am going to explain why I think there is no future for public transport .
Having been born a Muslim and having come to the US from Jordan , I understand the mentality of the people pushing this : in a religion as legalistic as Islam , if something is legal , nothing else needs to be considered .
In my opinion , it is therefore , frankly unacceptable to sign economic agreements of this kind .
And where I do not agree with having more children to produce a bigger ' paycheck , ' I can see the temptation to do so as well as avoid good paying jobs .
The environmental impact is an important factor we should consider . Having this number of cars is like having thousands of factories on our streets giving out tons of CO2 gas and many other polluting gases . The speed of new trains or planes or even buses is now competing with car speeds and is even faster than cars in a lot of places .
As long as we keep religious beliefs out of the government , we will all have the freedom to believe as we wish .
Why ?
Those who think the government has no role in this should realize that they too could end up without insurance at some point and that the exploding cost of health care , and the tremendous overhead cost of administering it through private insurance is a huge drag on our competitiveness internationally .
But I know that it is impolite thatI talk with thembecause they are English speakers .
In my opinion , the world can not do without it .
That could have disasterous implications .
Unfortunately , nowadays , this is something that tends to be prevented simply by reason of the fact that , as private companies have more money , public television can not afford them .
This is a result of the decreasing price of cars due to innovation in the car industry , which enabled more and more people to buy a car ( and use it ) .
The whole system has now formed a spiraling circle of road use .
In the past decade , its firms have modernised and their workers have accepted miserly pay rises , boosting their competitiveness .
Those who think the government has no role in this should realize that they too could end up without insurance at some point and that the exploding cost of health care , and the tremendous overhead cost of administering it through private insurance is a huge drag on our competitiveness internationally .
The only way to prevent local populations from doing the logical thing , which is to eliminate a dangerous menace , is by giving them an incentive to treat it as a renewable resource .
In fact , tailgating has become even more rewarding , because governments are making special efforts to keep the roads clear , and the traffic police are all at conferences on safer driving .
Although tennis is perceived as a genteel sport , it has always confronted the same problem as other contests based on individual competition , like boxing .
He added : " There have been Scottish fighters in the past , like Jim Watt and Ken Buchanan , and recently Scott Harrison , who have been great fighters .
Baseball is a very dramatic sport .
If this happens regularly , it can damage the gullet , or oesophagus , and restrict a patient 's daily life .
An Australian judge on Friday found the arthritis drug Vioxx doubled the risk of heart attacks and was not fit for sale , opening the way for hundreds of lawsuits against US pharmaceutical giant Merck .
In the old days , young people considered their jobs as a way to make money for their living .
Sexism and racism , while not officially sanctioned in America , are an everyday occurrence that millions of people face .
Yet , many have argued that it is against human rights and thus promoted the banning of tracking devices .
Admittedly , there are armed bands and criminals , but there is above all , violent opposition , of a kind we can not endorse , to the President for two reasons : his self - election and the financial pyramid crisis .
There are effective legal precautions .
In any case , for years now , most dealing rooms have banned mobile usage and if there is an insider investigation , staff are required to turn over their mobile phone records if necessary .
Ambulances are also kept on stand by at big events .
I worry his obvious anti - religious attitudes are clouding the basic judgment that reasonably educated people can make in regard to the perspective which science gives us : that the world follows determinable laws , none of which are moral .
There ’s no question that violence , coercion , and ruthless exploitation of prostitutes by pimps or johns must be eliminated , but those things must be eliminated period from human life in general and it ’s not at all clear that legalization would n’t actually be the best thing to help reduce those problems .
Criminals and terrorists tend to commit more crimes since they are not being watched and there is no concrete evidence to put them behind the bars .
However , it is important not to make assumptions about what intellectual disability means , since with appropriate support and preparation , many people with intellectual disabilities can be a valuable part of the workforce .
Also , while doctors here use it in traditional hip replacement , surgeons in other countries use it in a relatively new kind of hip surgery known as resurfacing , which involves somewhat different surgical techniques .
However , in my view , placing a limit on public spending for the elderly does not mean that we do not care about the ageing population .
I think that it 's big news to me : Not so many people are learning Chinese , especially Traditional Chinese .
I really like it because this is not a game in which you only play with a ball .
It is shameful that the scientific community is expected to debate with the church ( aka Intelligent Design proponents ) about scientific concepts .
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head his brain moves vigorously inside his skull .
For low income earners , they may have depleted their Medisave funds after one surgery , and for subsequent treatment , they will have to either fork out their own savings or , as is often the case , they will refuse to seek treatment , which thus aggravates their illness .
From the point of view of those who question the whole WTO , it is not good news .
Some people criticise the fact that the industry will save on expenses and that Member States ' income may be reduced - an interesting argument which , however , quite frankly , I think comes most of the time from those with a restricted view of the economy and fiscal policy .
Of course , The Ghost is a film that can not be viewed without extraneous events altering our perception : first , that Harris ’s fiction gets closer to the truth each day as the Chilcot Inquiry lumbers on , and secondly that Polanski , like the fictional PM , is incarcerated in his villa in Switzerland , under house arrest after an accusation of unlawful sex in Los Angeles 33 years ago .
It is the only answer decent people can give to using technology which is anything but harmless .
As has been said by the previous speaker , on some of the main shopping streets of Dublin , illegal tobacco is openly sold , and this represents a considerable loss to the Irish exchequer .
Although tennis is perceived as a genteel sport , it has always confronted the same problem as other contests based on individual competition , like boxing .
This is emphasised and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dies .
From that standpoint , the EU , with its policy of liberalization and the prevalence of full competition in air transport , combined with the world - wide opening of the markets after the GATT agreement , is in practice undermining the safety of flights , while the headlong race to maximize profits and cut operating expenses in every possible way has a high cost in human lives , as is proved by the worrying increase in the frequency of air accidents .
First , I would like to describe how to get a job in Japan .
He is , to some extent , a mirror image of Omar , driven to do terrible things because of a volatile mixture of panic , rage and family feelings .
I have yet to hear any boxer regret his choice of career .
Unfortunately , it is unlikely for the average person to experience the delights of Curling since it is a sport that needs the support of a great sum of money , regardless of the field or the equipment .
WellPoint , one of the companies Mr Waxman is targeting , has already come under fire over its attempt to increase premiums by as much as 39 per cent , even as it has made billions of dollars in profits and taken executives out on lavish retreats .
You can see by searching for `` The Global Warming Swindle `` on YouTube .
Well , university students are forbidden to participate in any rally .
Everyone who suffers a nervous breakdown , whether alcohol related nor not , is deserving of sympathy , but I reject the inference that a breakdown frees such people and/or their families from personal responsibility and shifts that responsibility to others ( in this case , the airline employees and the police ) .
It is known that anti - government people gathered on Facebook because the mass media reported it extensively .
The club 's boxing manager , Phil Marsh , said he was worried that if beards were banned from amateur boxing competitions then young Sikh and Muslim men could get in to unofficial , unregulated boxing circuits .
What is particularly interesting about the posthumous evolution of Bruce Lee is that he is not only remembered for the handful of movies and TV shows in which he starred but also for breaking racial barriers , helping erase stereotypes and his contributions in such areas as mixed martial arts , fitness , health and a philosophy that recognized the commonality of all humanity .
This is the question many people grapple with and the core of the debate lies in the impact they bring on the aging process .
Voting in favour of this amendment will eliminate the possibility of a total ban on ritual slaughter at the national level .
Others say , on the contrary , that the public spending itself worsened the economic situation , because it was just a waste of precious resources .
Proponents claim that the government should implement better policies to alleviate the aging population with increasing public spending on mainly medical benefits because illnesses catch up with them as they grow older and the expensive treatments could possibly wipe out their savings accounts .
The proposed directives on cabotage have given rise to concern in the industry , since they amount to direct intervention in the labour market , which many see as running directly counter to free trade in goods and services .
Two weeks before his departure , Mr Bromage wrote that he was struggling to attract sponsors to cover the £ 25,000 cost of his trip .
I have taken these concerns very seriously , because no one wants to stand in the way of innovation in Europe or impose additional burdens , especially on small and medium - sized IT companies .
The British national lottery run by non British firms .
But since then , the public has grown more comfortable with the idea of marriage equality .
Government figures show non - doms pay around £ 4bn in UK taxes on UK earnings each year , but Mr Bannatyne said the UK should not have to rely on these payments .
With the invention of such technology , controversy over the use of this technology has been increasing .
For example 3 million pounds were given to Eton college one of the richest public schools for a gymnasium money was also given to the royal opera house .
The state takes over a GAMBLING operation ( the Lottery is bad enough ) to preserve 1,500 jobs in a business that preys upon the less fortunate .
The intensified attention on horse racing also led to criticism that it had done little to control the widespread use of legal and illegal drugs .
Comedians are , after all , paid to make fun of other people , but when they turn their guns on each other , the bullets blast away the curtain that usually conceals backstage dramas .
The compulsory levy has been dubbed a death tax by the Tories because while it is due on retirement , the proposal allows for it to be taken from the estate of a person after death .
It is therefore easy to imagine the volume of illegal trade , and indeed , some say that its value is equal to that of drug trafficking .
Although many have debated that this is discrimination as companies may not employ those who have inherited diseases , but companies do have the right to choose employees with concern for their profits and the safety of others .
If we carry on this way , we are going to go over the precipice and the proposals which we would like to put forward are the following : first of all , an urgent reduction in working hours , because to do the opposite will not create jobs for everyone ; secondly , we must maintain the welfare state because that is the only way , with increases in employment , that we can maintain pensions and offer appropriate conditions for health , social services , etc ; thirdly , we must fully incorporate women into the labour market , and respect all of their rights .
Instead , they would like to see local TV stations established across the UK , with no need for a continuing subsidy .
If there is no market monopoly , then people have no reason to fear new regulations .
Television is one of the most important inventions of the last century since it has had a great impact on societies around the world .
With the rapid development of Information Technology , computers play an important role in our daily life .
As psychology studies human mental functions and human behavior , we are able to pin point human errors and thus minimize design mistakes and prevent accidents from happening .
Computers are an essential part of NASA , since they try to calculate really complex equations to help them solve the mysteries of space .
The only reason we exist and believe is because of our minds that allow us to think and function . Without a brain , how can we exist ?
The story ’s world is ruled by a powerful corporation that has made elected governments irrelevant , simply by buying and owning nearly all property .
However , it is clear that these inventions have not been not produced overnight and human beings have put in a lot of time and effort to develop and generate them .
The problem today , unfortunately , is that voters who take their responsibility to be informed seriously enough to search out information about the candidates are finding it harder and harder to do so , particularly if they do not have access to the Internet .
Take genetic engineering as an example . On the one hand , it helps farmers to produce more crops and meats ; on the other , it makes people believe that scientists can help in finding more efficient ways of producing more crops and poultry in the future , resulting in an unprecedented increase in the human population , which brings pollution to the environment .
For these games to become so real , they must simulate what gamers view in real life and or on TV .
The world today has become more sophisticated and problems in our society are created , most of the time , by humans from the results of their innovations and inventions .
People are also increasingly storing personal information , pictures , and videos on online social - networking or data storage websites .
Although the transaction amount with which each person deals is usually very small , the total amount is big enough to have a powerful influence , especially on the foreign exchange market .
Unfortunately , the reality impels me to admit that young people have more opportunities to enjoy life because of all the technological advances that older people tend not to understand well .
Humans have learned to reason and understand the world around them by categorizing things and placing them in relation to each other .
If your job has not been automated , it is because some part of your job is still too difficult to automate yet , either because of cost or the limitations of today ’s computers .
They cried , they cheered .
Their faces expressed joy , triumph , pride and perplexity .
I graduated from high school in 1974 , so my real childhood was spent in the 1960 ’s , but I was keenly aware of the Vietnam War , drug and alcohol use among movie stars , rock stars and the general public , skinny models , Nixon ’s resignation , women burning their bras , and a host of not - so - innocent things that were going on at the time .
The series presenter , Professor Brian Cox explains : " It 's an immensely beautiful landscape , but the important thing about this region is you can see how water , whether liquid or solid , has sculpted the landscape - we were surrounded by a landscape completely dominated by water .
By the end of the night , it was obvious that the wedding had turned into a big reunion event for all the friends the happy couple had invited .
But that was only the beginning of my adventure .
WASHINGTON - Republican Party Chairman Michael Steele offers a simple explanation for why the party has all too often lost touch with typical Americans since the Ronald Reagan era : " We screwed up , " he claims in a new book offering a blueprint for the party 's resurgence .
Even some Republicans must be sick of having their party ruined by the behavior of the Bush administration and wish to set a precedent for change by crossing party lines and supporting what is right and best for the country by punishing a president and vice president who have broken many laws and betrayed the trust of the American people .
It all started when he could not find work in Moscow , so he had to travel to Tula , 200 km ( 125 miles ) away to find a job .
The boy had touched his back and taken it away , but what did he mean by Dad saying he was different ?
The baby ’s father said he was on probation and could not leave the country and , in any case , the baby ’s grandmother had advised them against traveling to Mexico with such a young infant .
The performance of the national legislature creates no great faith in that arm of the current government , and far too many Americans , lovers of peace and believers in democracy , have been persuaded to accept the abominable perversion that the best way to support our troops in Iraq is to go on sacrificing their lives and futures ; and their families ; to prosecute a war that few Americans seem to have any faith in .
Finally , concerning the price of the weekend tickets , I think it is excellent because people are less stressed , because they can visit for longer .
However , they will have at least seen the " other side " .
To be sure , many things have gone wrong , and many more have yet to do so , but let us consider the history of Europe over the past century , that of my own country , for example : even in the old Federal Republic , after the Second World War , many people with links to the old regime were accepted into the civil service and spent their careers in it .
For a long time , we have been arguing that Europe has an ethical and political responsibility to make a decisive contribution to development in Africa , but in recent times , it should be clear to everybody that that development has also become absolutely essential in order to maintain both stability on the international scene and stability and prosperity in Europe .
Following developments and advancements around the world , governments of developed nations are faced with the challenge of a fast aging population .
I will not deny that there are many good ways of using money , and , as always , it is a question of priorities .
This thing , technology has been and will always be both the closest friend and yet the greatest Nemesis of our world .
In other words , we need to live up to the expectations of millions of patients and their families who are placing their hopes on the progress of genetics and biotechnological inventions .
As a society , we can not lose sight of these ideals .
Those of us brave enough to accept it are initially saddened since , instinctively , like most of the animal kingdom , we want to survive and live .
However , in recent decades , there has been almost no market for the videophone and the videophone has not been integrated into our lives .
I think technology has become a part of our lives , so we have to learn how to live in this new world , which is changing as fast as computers change .
In fact , I do not understand why the rapporteur says we live in a world where people read and write less and less .
In schools , Geography classes rarely , if ever , exist .
When I first joined this site , I was surprised that I could actually communicate with people from other countries .
Of course , most westerners were already able to imagine the globe with relative accuracy , but the picture in their minds differed from the one in ours .
Even some Republicans must be sick of having their party ruined by the behavior of the Bush administration and wish to set a precedent for change by crossing party lines and supporting what is right and best for the country by punishing a president and vice president who have broken many laws and betrayed the trust of the American people .
Different languages are part of cultural diversity , and understanding other languages is a particularly effective way of tapping into the riches of our cultural heritage .
Although I had studied English for eight years in school , speaking English was very difficult for me ,
When I was young , I did not like to read novels because I thought that novels were just fiction and would not apply to my real life .
This is not because I had a wonderful array of experiences .
We tend to want to blame others for our national ignorance of war , when we all share in the responsibility for passing on to the next generation the meaning of the founding of our country , its values , ideals and the sacrifices that have been made to maintain our way of life .
It is a well known fact that the proportion of the elderly in every developed nation 's population is on a rapid rise , thanks to increased usage of birth controls and past government policies .
Also , with today 's machines , factories have significantly increased their production , which brings progress to humanity , but also , with the continuous replacement of men by machines , unemployment is increasing too , and today , it worries every single citizen of the world , specially the ones who live in third world countries .
On the other hand , are the detractors who make their way onto the page in such a ponderous fasion , they are easily dismissed by the kind of mind attracted to Cavett ’s wit .
Nevertheless , the use of RFID technologies to track people is essential in today 's society as it is effective in locating people .
Actually , many people have had the same problem and some of them tried to save their PC by updating their software .
I think that these have become standard equipment in all bathrooms lately .
It is far more difficult than we think to behave that way .
Constant development of knowledge , skills and behaviour of the employees helps the organization grow .
Presently , with advances in medical technology , we are able to predict what is happening to our own body .
It ’s easy to paint big corporations as faceless entities , but they are made up of people and there are many people in corporations who genuinely want to do good things for the planet , for pure and unprofitable reasons .
But that information can not be read without a computer .
Technology - wise , computers have gotten faster since “ Polar , ” and our knowledge of what we want the computers to do has helped us design better systems .
Students have been treated in a way that discouraged independent thought and learning processes , thus indirectly hindering their ability to analyze and interpret problems due to a lack of creativity .
He frets that focusing on transhumanism might lead organized religion to oppose the near term use of nanotechnology in positive ways , like creating better ways to deliver drugs into diseased cells .
With improvements in educational facilities , students will be able to access up-to-date knowledge more easily , as well as experiment with and apply what they have learned in reality .
Scientology proves how the acquisition of widespread knowledge hasn't stopped the birth of new religions . However , ironically , it has made the philosophies of life more dramatic with the mysterious complexities of technology .
Nowadays , we have entered an age of technology .
For this reason , most people have the Internet at home .
Each one makes everyday life a bit easier , but real progress in the home would be electronic devices that were connected to the mind .
With the computer , students can count a difficult mathematic formula in seconds and spare more of their time to do more creative research .
With the rapid development of Information Technology , computers play an important role in our daily life .
But are they really beautiful ?
The rate of technological change is so fast that extrapolation simply can not be a useful guide , with new products and services appearing all the time .
The computer can do that to you .
If you want to blame someone for high taxes , blame the corporations who charge such high prices .
However , technology has implemented various innovative solutions to help people solve these problems and many users find them very useful in their lives .
Through reading , you will know how words are actually used in a natural way by native speakers . ( Sentences in vocabulary books are not so natural sometimes , especially those written by non - native speakers ) .
Everyone agrees that the Internet network has led to considerable progress in communications and information and , more generally , people 's knowledge of the world surrounding them .
This can sometimes be true .
The union takes place in the wee hours of the time zone amidst sleepy people and even drowsier and whining kids .
For these games to become so real , they must simulate what gamers view in real life and or on TV .
The greatest impact of the internet on our lives is the use of social media because you can get in contact with everybody around the clock .
Also , if I can successfully pretend to be another person , it validates what I like to believe is my understanding of human behavior .
I personally enjoy freedom from the distraction of cellular phones because I prefer the separation of my work and home life , yet I do subscribe to an internet connection which allows me access to more information while I am at home .
Technology allows tremendous progress in so many areas , but that same technology can also be used to cause tremendous harm .
This has led to high unemployment in many countries .
If your job has not been automated , it is because some part of your job is still too difficult to automate yet , either because of cost or the limitations of today ’s computers .
It 's more difficult to sit around and stare at a wall , than it is to actually do work that is challenging .
The only problem left is that with a longer life , what will a person do to give back to society and the next generations ?
Even after children have graduated from college and started working , parents can give advice to them about anything , for example , how to balance working hours and private time , or how to raise children .
In fact as we rely more on technology , we place more responsibilities on the few individuals who manage it .
It is this kind of hope that motivates humans to develop , to improve , to pursue our dreams , and finally to have such a beautiful world today .
But there is always a cost , and if you ask those operators to bear additional costs today , you are going to slow down the distribution of the product ; people who can not afford to pay for a mobile phone today will never be able to afford it .
In spite of the benefits , there are also certain drawbacks to human genetic engineering .
In conclusion , the WFP can do more research and analysis , like creating genetic modified seeds that can survive in dry or wet land , or an indoor farming center that will shelter the crops from natural disasters , to resolve the famine issue .
As science and technology progress , we can now detect the presence of any genetic disorder in an individual through genetic testing .
Some may say that it is a kind of discrimination against employees who have certain genetic traits .
Some time ago , scientists established that there is no miracle drug which can help create jobs , solve all employment problems and encourage competitiveness , but rather there is a multitude of factors and we must simply find a good combination of these .
Some people become religious after realising how unique and amazingly complex every living creature is .
In a strange twist , the Honda “ Cog ” ad , which was developed by Wieden & Kennedy , has inspired several parodies of its own , including commercials for BBC Radio and the British directory assistance service 118 .
Secondly , the control of the EU 's external borders and the fight against networks of illegal immigrant smugglers will unfortunately remain a political priority for many years to come , because , in reality , the trade in human misery is in the hands of criminal gangs .
Secondly , the author suggests that it is impossible to replace experiments on animals with anything else .
Certain things in life can never be shared .
He can also ignore an obviously poopy diaper , a screaming child , or something like the garbage overflowing onto the floor for a week with impunity .
The point is , you can have lots and lots of mutations in your genome without seeing a single effect on the outside .
While it is true that such an event may occur , with the advancement of technology and tighter regulations , this problem can be rectified .
Although I do not wish to stand in the way of science , it is clear that we are not yet fully aware of all the consequences and implications of cloning , both in terms of animal welfare and human consumption .
But the cultic groups that have sprung up around nanotechnology who wish to use it to control other people first and foremost , are the real problem here , and organized religion , as well as secular liberal democratic society , must seriously come to grapple with this challenge and resist the diminishing of freedoms and rights and what it means to be human .
Facts are not matters of opinion , and the failure of society to make judgment effectively is not due to the triumph of dogma over science within science , but its triumph elsewhere .
Because the mind is a narrow organism which functions on thought , it draws its values from the general level of thought in society .
no - one created genetic manipulation , the power of it was there to be discovered .
If one scientist does not make a discovery then another one will .
In addition , the society is unable to accept new things which are out of the norm ; consequently , inventions which are different will not be accepted by the public .
In conclusion , surveillance technology to track people should not be banned due to the benefits it bestows : such as the prevention of crime , detection of danger , as well as the monitoring of social behavior .
Introducing psychology in the design process only makes a difference in human behavior , but many industrial accidents are not only caused by a single human error .
You see , we 're human beings , a species that has evolved this much because we have enough intelligence to try to avoid other individuals ' mistakes .
In fact , there are many changes in China .
Some of them are listed below :
The divisions in their family and the fight between prince and the princes of Wales and the possibility of the divorce .
That 's not because they dislike the EU ( in fact , most people are so immersed in their own problems , or so stupid that the EU is not a priority ) but because they do not like UKIP no matter what it stands for .
Nowadays , everybody has one or more cars . As a consequence of that , some people believe that public transport is going to disappear .
There are also arguments against abolishing the Monarchy too .
The main problem is that ignorant people listen to ignorant leaders that do not have a clue about what is important to society .
However , parliamentary democracy has order and rules and principles .Each individual Member of Parliament is entitled to participate in question time . It is a fundamental right that we have borrowed from the British parliamentary system , in particular .
We want the 2004 deadline to be adhered to , so that these people can take part in the next European elections .
" In Vitro fertilisation " is the fertilisation of an egg in the laboratory ie . in a testube .
The reason for applying a policy of non - vaccination is based on the fact that in the event of infection , vaccinated pigs may become carriers of the virus , especially pregnant sows , which may not show signs of the disease but may transmit it horizontally to the other pigs on the farm and vertically to their progeny , which may include persistently infected piglets .
In IVF , only the embryo that does not have the defective genes will be implanted in the mother 's womb .
In the case of Huntington 's disease , a lethal genetic disorder , the result is also desired by family members and potential mates as it would help them to make important decisions , such as whether or not to have children or abort an affected fetus .
This usually leads to multiple births ie .
twins , triplets etc .
Some reasons why people should go for genetic testing are to find out genetic diseases in babies and to find out whether a person carries a mutated gene and might t pass it on to his children .
This is the society we live in . This is why some have to justify their race , their religion and others do n’t .
Hence , the CPF has indeed helped to ease the aging process and the financial burden of the elderly as it requires people to save in advance and also informs citizens on how much they should save in order to be self- sufficient for their old age .
Therefore , it is ethically wrong to invade other people 's privacy and there is a need to ban surveillance technology to protect our own rights .
Indian IVF clinics claim a high success rate as doctors are allowed to implant five embryos into the uterus at one time .
I am 27 years old and have a very limited desire to have children ( and am incredibly tired of people telling me that I a ) will change my mind and b ) that I must be selfish … the latter is particularly obnoxious as I sometimes feel that bringing yet another child into the world would be selfish ) .
In conclusion , as many developed countries are facing a fast aging population , proper research and development have to be carried out in order to ease the aging process .
It is important that everybody follows certain standards , and that we do not create the conditions which would seriously undermine this .
Abortion only has to be approved as an option in life - threatening pregnancies or if the mother has been sexually molested .
If taking a pill after sex allows a girl to not have to go through with an abortion , this then reduces a life - changing experience to a gulp ... And a swallow .
With current technology , infertile couples can have a baby through In-Vitro Fertilization ( IVF ) .
In conclusion , the individual requesting genetic testing should not have the final say as to whether the results should be revealed or not as the benefits of revealing the results is substantial to the individual and his family , and it can not be assumed that the individual will be able to act responsibly to his family in the face of his own interests .
2 .
Eggs should not be taken from aborted foetuses .
In the case of Huntington 's disease , a lethal genetic disorder , the result is also desired by family members and potential mates as it would help them to make important decisions , such as whether or not to have children or abort an affected fetus .
It is particularly important that they should not bear the entire cost . However , European consumers are prepared to pay more if they know that certain products have been produced on the basis of policies for the welfare and proper handling of animals .
Graphic design has sure moved forward since then .
Besides scientific research , inventions and new technologies have indeed brought convenience to human beings .
Secondly , doctors have found the cure for many diseases and many operations have been done in less time and in a painless way . By using special machines doctors have been able to save more lives than in the past .
In this case , artificial organs can help to bridge the gap in time until a donor organ is available for transplantation and thus improve the survival of patients while they are waiting for transplantation .
Of course , it is only logical that we should worry when factories or businesses close and when workers are laid off because , apart from the resultant social problems and unemployment , we also have problems of certain products going out of production , such as the specific products manufactured by this company , which are very important technologically and can , of course , also contribute to technological progress in the countries of Europe .
These coins are put into a folding correction board ,
However , medical advances have made in-vitro fertilisation possible nowadays .
In IVF , only the embryo that does not have the defective genes will be implanted in the mother 's womb .
In IVF , only the embryo that does not have the defective genes will be implanted in the mother 's womb .
The fetous is left to grow and develop naturally .
Fewer unwanted pregnancies is clearly a positive social development , but the result is that an increasing number of infertile couples will need to look at alternatives to adoption .
Such a system will ensure that trained technicians are present to collect the blood so that doctors and midwives can concentrate on caring for the mother and baby after the birth .
After decades of gender equality campaigning , many women now find it hard to admit that they want to be a housewife more than they want a successful career of their own , she said .
Neither Melissa nor Fie were interested in being a traditional surrogate : although Melissa had been an egg donor before , she did not want to carry a child who was a half - biological sibling to her children .
I think that this may be good for people who are not allowed to have pet hamsters at home , or people who love hamsters but are too lazy to take care of them .
In cases where the elderly are childless or physically ill due to aging , it will be the government 's duty to take care of them .
During the aging process , the elderly will face financial problems and may be abandoned by their children .
Before that , they reproduce , and the offspring , transported by ocean currents , have to find another carcass in a few weeks or die .
The way the sex can be chosen is by using genetics .
The women has 2 X chromosomes and the man has one X and a Y - chromosomes .
In IVF , only the embryo that does not have the defective genes will be implanted in the mother 's womb .
The X chromosome sperm is slightly heavier than the Y so they can be separated .
If the mother wants a boy Y sperm is selected and if a girl X is selected .
Thus this refers to an increase in the population 's mean age which is generally due to a decline in birth rate and an increase in life expectancy .
Furthermore , it could lower the crime rate , thus benefiting all people .
One of the big problems is that teens are already afraid of STDs but they tend to think it is worth it to take the risk because sex would be that great .
Science is progressing all the time , but is it for the best ?
In fact , from a commercial point of view , the pharmaceutical industry has no interest in committing to research costs , given the low number of people affected by these rare diseases .
After an organ transplant , for example , T cells can attack the new organ as a " foreign invader , " and in autoimmune disease , hypersensitive T cells mistake parts of the body 's own cells as threats , prompting the body to attack itself .
One of the animals most at risk is the rhino , largely because of the surging demand for powdered horn in traditional medicine in Asia , where it is mistakenly thought to calm fevers such as malaria and even to cure cancer .
The fact is , most MS patients do not exhibit any signs of the illness .
Human beings do not need to eat meat in order to maintain good health because they can get all their food needs from meatless products and meatless substitutes .
Of course , hygienic preparation and thorough cooking can reduce the risk , but knowing that these products will have to be labelled as to the exact origin of the meat , including what the animal was fed on , will be a great incentive to manufacturers to ensure that these meat products are made only from wholesome raw materials .
While the force has succeeded in significantly reducing the number of people killed or seriously injured in road accidents , it has not met its target of increasing the number of drink and drug drivers who are brought to justice by 5 % .
While critics acknowledge the huge budget deficit is caused by the ballooning public spending on healthcare and activities for the aged among many nations , they are against the idea of containing public spending on the aged .
One of the few positive impacts that arose from the Iraq War is that governments as well as individuals became aware of how people 's dependence on oil , gas and other petrol products can trap people into a serious situation once the supply of petrol is limited .
By the way , most of the fast food products in the US are also available in Europe , and the problems here are also very evident , but fortunately the fast food industry here has not yet managed to warp most people ’s appetite for good food .
One of the most powerful marketing / advertising machines in history , the tobacco industry , continues to solicit new smokers from the ranks of children and teenagers and less educated people around the world .
Since mainly small farms are involved , we would need to introduce greater support for cooperatives in this area .
FDA staff reviewers have cited concerns about possible serious complications even though data showed better heart risks and kidney function , citing several cases of post - transplantation complications and a rare disorder called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( PML ) .
The so - called ' mad cow disease ' seemed to make the cows lose all sense of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
The doctors ran more tests and found lymph node cancer .
They had closed it because they had found the food in a bad condition .
The study , published in the journal Circulation , shows tobacco smoke leads to accelerated immune system rejection of the transplanted heart , heightened vascular inflammation and increased oxidative stress , and a reduction in the transplanted organ 's chance of survival by 33 percent to 57 percent .
Because the analysis traces vocal learning down to the molecular level - and because humans and finches have much of their genomes in common - the research could lead to strides in combating human speech disorders such as those related to autism , stroke , stuttering and Parkinson 's disease .
Rising rates of chronic disease have been mirrored by rising rates of obesity , which is known to be a major risk factor for heart disease , cancer and diabetes .
The government insists , perhaps correctly , that British beef is perfectly safe to eat .
In fact , from a commercial point of view , the pharmaceutical industry has no interest in committing to research costs , given the low number of people affected by these rare diseases .
In recent years , the use of animals native to the wild in circuses has sharply declined with changing public tastes and greater awareness of animal welfare issues .
In my opinion people should bulid some kind of wildlife parks . This solution will allow
On one hand , many old-style leaders have long been so satisfied with the annual double-digit economic growth that they tend to refuse to seek innovative factors to boost the economy .
In conclusion , an aging population may cause Singapore 's economy to decline .
Many of the biscuits , margarines , breads , crisps and even bars of soap that consumers pick off supermarket shelves contain an ingredient that is feeding a growth industry that conservationists say is killing orangutans .
Would all these products have to find synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Also , with today 's machines , factories have significantly increased their production , which brings progress to humanity , but also , with the continuous replacement of men by machines , unemployment is increasing too , and today , it worries every single citizen of the world , specially the ones who live in third world countries .
But now , fast food shops and convenient stores have plunged into this coffee war .
For example , I believe , as I have said in other circumstances , that we need to analyse the serious harm caused by excessive beer consumption - a custom in several EU countries - which is seriously harmful to health and involves great risks even for citizens who do not drink but who may be attacked or suffer the consequences of beer alcoholism .
It is not fitting for us to criticise this on legal grounds , but if someone comes along and institutes proceedings claiming that he was not adequately informed about the risks of smoking , then we can only wonder whether that person has been living in our society at all .
Just look behind the computer .
Like my fellow members , I do not believe it perpetuates legal uncertainty , because a lot has happened in the last three years .
Secondly , some people may think that nuclear reactors will require a lot of money to build and need high technology equipment .
" Eating a Melton Mowbray pork pie with English mustard is one of life 's great joys , provided the pastry is right .
In recent weeks , the exemption has become the focus of controversy because menthol brands are heavily used by black smokers , who develop a large share of smoking - related cancers and other health risks .
Genetic disorders like inherited cardiovascular conditions ( ICC ) , which mainly affect the heart , together with blood vessels and cardiac electrical systems , are able to cause immediate and unforeseen death to externally healthy people .
FDA staff reviewers have cited concerns about possible serious complications even though data showed better heart risks and kidney function , citing several cases of post - transplantation complications and a rare disorder called progressive multifocal leukoencephalopathy ( PML ) .
There are still many domestic dogs that have not been vaccinated , becoming infected with rabies every day , which may spread to humans .
Unless older workers can be trained for new jobs , we face the threat of age discrimination on the labour market while many sectors are suffering from labour shortages .
But Internet revenue has been flat this year and print ad revenue has declined sharply for two years , increasing the economic importance of revenue from sales of printed paper .
Of course , hygienic preparation and thorough cooking can reduce the risk , but knowing that these products will have to be labelled as to the exact origin of the meat , including what the animal was fed on , will be a great incentive to manufacturers to ensure that these meat products are made only from wholesome raw materials .
Mr Wood adds that big American retailers such as Wal - mart , which might once have spoken out against revaluation because it would increase the cost of their imported clothes and toys , have quietened down because that interest has been trumped by the desire to expand into China .
This may be unromantic , but let ’s face it : the Federal Government supports a variety of industries , such as farmers and the defense sector , and also our world - leading entertainment industry .
Because the chain ’s products are delicate or perishable , they must be handled with far more care than rice or wheat .
Therefore , when we find a company that has sold fake Oscars , we frequently write to the customers or ask them to write to the customers to inform them about the Academy 's rights .
They probably do n't want to split it because it would bring in many smaller investors who would be devastated if the price suddenly fell .
Furthermore , infrastructure development requires a higher percentage of spending compared to spending on the aged because infrastructure plays an important role in ameliorating the standard of living of a country .
This is so that no investor would be willing to fund a project that does not make money .
If the government finds that aging is a heavy burden , it is bound to decrease the necessary public expenditure , thereby forcing more people to use private health institutions .
However , avian influenza has generated a great deal of panic among consumers , and as a result , we have seen a drastic fall in the consumption of poultry by 80 % and a fall in the consumption of eggs by 45 % .
Balancing such measures as making low - interest loans available and simplifying administrative procedures for obtaining financial resources , and on the other hand , creating incentives for consumers to buy new cars , can help to stimulate the market .
I think the bulk of scientific data indicates that for most children with ADHD , diet alone will not significantly improve symptoms .
The nuclear industry , however , still affects our environment and health as foreign nuclear power plants have affected our seas and countryside , causing health problems for our population .
Also , since the ultimate purpose of education is employment , it 's necessary for students to get a rudimentary grasp of what skills are required in the workplace , and this can only be achieved through previous work experience .
I understand that parents often think their children are special — and as a parent I often do as well — but being catered to and defended from criticism gives children an unhealthy sense of entitlement .
Contribution to society " is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
That is because tax laws give a bigger break to people who donate appreciated assets , like stock that has risen in value , than they do to those who give cash .
The rise in coupon use started in October 2008 as bailouts and layoffs consumed the United States , leaving households frustrated and looking for ways to make ends meet .
Knowing them , and seeing their struggles firsthand , also caused the Beckers to soften their view of people who live in poverty and make use of public aid .
Unfortunately , the reality impels me to admit that young people have more opportunities to enjoy life because of all the technological advances that older people tend not to understand well .
A growing number of people in the richest countries attach more importance to earning as much money as possible than to the well - being of their fellow men and the protection of the environment .
But what right do I have to do that to someone who does not wish it to be done ?
People look down upon people who choose to stay home instead of working because they feel as if they are not contributing to society .
But the United States remains determined to use this type of aid , which permanently saddles the most needy countries with a debt burden , even if this is at a reduced interest rate and if it does not have to be paid off for another 30 years .
The starting point of drug policy must be clear : society does not approve of drugs .
In other words , governments greatly appreciate the contributions of the elderly and try to offer them more , though they are constrained by a limited budget to do so .
Lastly , it does no harm to emphasise that statistics , which are a public asset , must be accessible to everyone , including small entrepreneurs or students , which is why the increasingly prevalent practice of requiring that they should be paid for is not acceptable , since that effectively restricts them to selected sectors with the greatest purchasing power .
It ’s easy to paint big corporations as faceless entities , but they are made up of people and there are many people in corporations who genuinely want to do good things for the planet , for pure and unprofitable reasons .
As a result , companies are not willing to offer a higher salary rate even if they manage to secure a job .
That is because tax laws give a bigger break to people who donate appreciated assets , like stock that has risen in value , than they do to those who give cash .
Lastly , it does no harm to emphasise that statistics , which are a public asset , must be accessible to everyone , including small entrepreneurs or students , which is why the increasingly prevalent practice of requiring that they should be paid for is not acceptable , since that effectively restricts them to selected sectors with the greatest purchasing power .
While our parochial discourse has stagnated , countries around the world have recognized what the right to abortion means for women ’s ability to control their health and life .
This is , however , hard to achieve in our present day society as employers , given a choice , tend to avoid hiring the elderly as they are thought to be less productive when compared to younger workers .
Secondly , older workers have little time to attend training courses .
Well , a lot of people have started their own business because they want to be their own boss , and merely just make money out of nothing .
In this country , we have a real problem with women and power .
These are groups of people that have defended women over the years .
Economically , they think it is good for women to work and pay taxes .
I think the focus now is on children being victims of pedophiles , and in comparison to children , adult ( or even teenage ) women are seen as empowered and able to defend themselves .
Some women were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
I brought up the point that many women are very happy , and choose to live within the traditional gender framework that society holds .
The worst part of this state is that people do need to sleep , and if they do n't then they are likely to fall off their rocker or just fall somewhere during the day .
In reality , though , thousands of women have been involved in the fight in Iraq and Afghanistan because they are allowed to serve in combat support roles , such as medics , logistics truck drivers and so on .
It raises some questions that many of us have been asking of ALL the media since the Bush Administration 's propaganda campaign to wage war in Iraq began .
They felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
If they tried this , I feel that they would have problems .
5- Many people ca n't drive , like children and old people .
It is clear that these people are considered an enemy within , to be treated badly and thrown out .
Promoting hatred , however , is no way to get people to look at things differently .
Not surprisingly , the government , representing us , has pulled the plug on civil society ; it has rejected virtue , just as its citizens have .
Opponents of this position argued that there is no need to divert too much resources to the elderly because they are no longer contributing to the society .
Lastly , there is also a lot of criticism of international criminal justice .
The newspapers even portray them as victims .
the past ten or twenty years , most companies have treated their employees as commodities , and those companies and our economy have suffered from it .
Some students think that we should evaluate our teachers , but some people oppose this idea because they think the students are too young to evaluate their teachers .
There are a lot of things that a man or a woman might want to say but can not say them . There are various reasons why they are able to say them or not .
For even if God accepted the worst sinners on earth , He would have accepted Satan as well .
People who believe in materialism think that if they have money , they can do anything they want .
In fact , there are more and more people who do not have to rely on government help .
Some may want you to believe that investing in charter schools harms our public education system , but I see it as just the opposite .
Of course , there is going to be an increase in child abuse and fatalities . Right now , the economy is horrific and any educated person knows that with the stress of job loss , home loss , and a decline of socioeconomic status , there will be an increase in child abuse .
While our parochial discourse has stagnated , countries around the world have recognized what the right to abortion means for women ’s ability to control their health and life .
I want to work for a company where there are plenty of opportunities for younger staff members .
All in all , the elderly should not be viewed as incapable of providing any further services to the nation .
When a writer comes across a sport , game , custom , or ritual that he or she finds puzzling , it is better to try to understand it , not mock it .
Also , it 's not uncommon that some works evoke debate between different religious groups , which may even lead to war between countries .
On the other hand , this centrist reform is unpopular with the middle of the electorate , because the president and his party have made so little effort to explain or justify it .
They were also at the forefront of the fight against Civil Rights in the US .
During the 1980s and ’ 90s , a whole body of feminist scholarship emerged to defend the soap operas on the grounds that they were waging a fight against patriarchal culture that otherwise sought to marginalize womanly concerns .
They gained national credibility by engaging the simpleton , green - teeth evangelical hillbilly preachers ( Robertson , Falwell , et al ) who underscored their campaign against women ' reproductive rights and dirty homosexuals .
At the same time other feminists such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignored during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
But the cultic groups that have sprung up around nanotechnology who wish to use it to control other people first and foremost , are the real problem here , and organized religion , as well as secular liberal democratic society , must seriously come to grapple with this challenge and resist the diminishing of freedoms and rights and what it means to be human .
The Catholic church has recently attempted to distance itself from such teachings , as it has ( predictably ) bonded with many Marxist revolutionary movements around the world .
From the very beginning the Women 's Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
However , at the same time , we can not ignore the fact that this important value is being abused by a considerable number of people , who probably have , in human terms , legitimate reasons for doing so , but who do it to the detriment of those who are fleeing real persecution .
At this point , Cazenove seemed very much typecast and his career appeared to have lost momentum before Dynasty came along in 1981 and gave it a boost .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself .
Christianity was so radical in bridging the gender gap- women were allowed to sit under Paul 's teaching .
Now , eighteen months later , this resolution is still being ignored .
This will complement the community ban on tobacco advertising , which will combat industry - led efforts to attract new smokers , especially young people .
As a society , we can not lose sight of these ideals .
But anyway , what am I talking about ?
The " feminist movement " had no need to exist after women got the right to vote . We have had the exact same rights as men since .
The popularity of this site has soared .
In recent decades , the spotlight has been very much on social rights , but at the same time we seem to have forgotten that rights , when acquired , create just as much responsibility .
From a narrow mind , this behavior was unacceptable , because their very little minds could not comprehend the bigger picture .
Technology has vastly improved during the past century and made life easier for the elderly around the world .
One of the most powerful marketing / advertising machines in history , the tobacco industry , continues to solicit new smokers from the ranks of children and teenagers and less educated people around the world .
Also , TV has provided the ability for people around the world to learn about people who live in other countries .
After all , nowadays research and development in technology has eventually provided a variety of gadgets that suit the elderly and help them handle the aging process .
It makes for extremely wide - ranging economic activity , with all types of salespeople eager to respond to the demands of , for example , people who have forgotten their toothpaste or medicine or who want croissants to eat every morning in their hotel .
Hence , the CPF has indeed helped to ease the aging process and the financial burden of the elderly as it requires people to save in advance and also informs citizens on how much they should save in order to be self- sufficient for their old age .
Secondly , many people argue that society has experienced great changes in family life .
Serious discourse about how we use the media and how the media affects us has been distracted by competing values and stalemated by fears of censorship .
Instead of texting being a destructive influence on learners , academics argue that it offers them a chance to " practice reading and spelling on a daily basis " .
For decades , TV watchers have been annoyed by commercial disruptions and TiVo has conditioned us more recently to simply skip them .
The T.V. has become the center of many households ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
This shows that fried or packaged food and a complete lack of exercise are the chief reasons for the increase in obesity among young people .
Second , when people get back home , they always turn on the computer to read news on the Internet . Last , almost every student likes games , because it can make us relax , but many students spend too much time in playing games .
Television , therefore , has changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
Yet , as a society matures , one can see how ingenious and novel methods have been developed and set into place to help bring the elderly from living on the margins of a society into being a part of the mainstream again .
Television currently occupies a very important role in entertainment . However , one of the problems that society has faced since television became popular is that it is a distractor in education .
All too often , economic and political interests outweigh the need for a swift response to notorious cases where individuals are humiliated and their freedom restricted .
It is a well known fact that the proportion of the elderly in every developed nation 's population is on a rapid rise , thanks to increased usage of birth controls and past government policies .
In the recent few decades , adverse climate changes and increase numbers of natural disasters have finally made humans realize the impact of human activities on earth .
I guess it 's here technically , but in the last day or so it 's started to show up in a way more tangible than on the calendar .
At present , it seems that prolonging the lives of people affected by HIV and AIDS is more important than preventing deaths from other causes .
But alcohol causes major problems throughout society , from health problems , to violence , to abuse against other people and the people themselves .
People who dislike the gay lifestyle have as much right to voice their opinion as people who like the gay lifestyle .
This is a depressing world we live in .
For a while , her parents resisted the idea of her getting into the family business as a child , but they gave in on the advice of a teacher who felt that Keira , who was struggling with dyslexia , needed a carrot dangled in front of her if she was ever going to learn to read .
In my own country , fluorosis is becoming an increasing dental problem , particularly in teenagers .
Ayurveda and Naturopathic research are revealing a host of new ' smart drugs ' which occur naturally .
Nowadays what we most need is to find ways to prevent childhood obesity because nowadays it is a very common sickness that attacks more and more children every day , causing them to feel bad about themselves .
In summary , I believe that all people , even journalists , need to talk to people about how they feel about politics .
Perhaps the only thing more surprising than the increasingly widespread appeal of Islamophobia is that , just a few years ago , the phenomenon was confined to a few college campuses and inner city neighborhoods , and that it seemed like a fleeting fad that would soon pass from the American political landscape .
Relationships seemed to be valued more than one night stands .
Researchers and policy makers have made a lot of suggestions and developed a lot of strategies to help buffet the negative impact of an aging population on our society .
Today , human civilisation is changing at a higher speed than any time in the past .
Lastly , the advancement in science and technology has provided an immediate response for the elderly when they face any danger .
Greed has fueled a treacherous race to climb up above everyone around us , one that has destroyed millions more than it has granted such a glorious victory .
In many respects , science has been the dominant force — for good and ill — that has transformed human lives over the past two centuries .
In order to make their own nation advantageous in diplomacy , domination , and power , many countries have begun to develop nuclear weapons .
Sitting in his office as he discussed the effects of the war , tens of thousands of refugees , the scattering of a national army that abandoned its dead and its hardware on the battlefield , the loss of territory to Russia and the hardening of separatist sentiment in the enclaves , he seemed prepared to resume the policies that set Georgia and Russia at odds .
Perhaps this is fate ’s sadistic way of illustrating that we Americans lead a much too demanding lifestyle .
The nuclear industry , however , still affects our environment and health as foreign nuclear power plants have affected our seas and countryside , causing health problems for our population .
But the current troubles faced by British Airways , which is set to be hit by seven days of strikes by cabin crews , serve as a reminder that while the term flag carrier is still often bandied around , its status is in the balance .
When the Bush administration and the Congress threw away the goodwill we received after 9/11 through unilateralism and war - mongering based on lies , many nations , even former allies , began to have contempt for us .
We will lose all its advantages and benefits once such a technology is banned , which will lead to more casualties and threats to society .
But they are forced to work very hard .
From that standpoint , the EU , with its policy of liberalization and the prevalence of full competition in air transport , combined with the world - wide opening of the markets after the GATT agreement , is in practice undermining the safety of flights , while the headlong race to maximize profits and cut operating expenses in every possible way has a high cost in human lives , as is proved by the worrying increase in the frequency of air accidents .
The rapid development and dissemination of bioscience is bringing weapons capabilities within reach of those who could do us harm .
With this thawing of attitudes , our frigid planet and cold neighbors may once again be a warm and friendly people .
Ever since the introduction of Penicillin , deaths from infectious diseases are very rare .
The human population has indeed benefited from both Penicillin and Tamiflu as the survival rates from bacterial diseases and influenza viruses have increased ever since they are introduced .
In 2007 , scientists made a vital step forward when they reprogrammed adult skin cells to become stem cells , overcoming the ethical issues associated with the use of embryos and bringing their use in therapy closer to reality .
But others say that such aggressive treatment for what is euphemistically known as the late elderly can be wasteful and barbaric , warning that the rush to test the limits of technology can give patients false hope and compound their health challenges with surgical complications .
Biosimilars -- generic copies of biotech drugs used to treat complex diseases like cancer -- are becoming an increasingly important means of building revenues as global pharmaceutical companies face the loss of patent protection on many of their established drugs .
In conclusion , it is evident that GM food can increase food yields with a reduced use of chemicals .
This is a result of the decreasing price of cars due to innovation in the car industry , which enabled more and more people to buy a car ( and use it ) .
Subsequently , Dr. Sinclair , a co - founder of Sirtris , showed that the compound could counter the effects of a high - fat diet in mice and extend their lives .
Since then , dozens of adult drugs have been found to be entirely ineffective , and sometimes even dangerous , in children .
Nowadays , technology is more modern than in the past and people are always developing their inventions to make them more useful .
Vaccination prevented people from getting life-threatening diseases in the past , such as tuberculosis , which is no longer a big threat today .
Today , an important tool for the encouragement of biotechnological investment is the patent system , which by rewarding inventors for the time , money and experience they devote , acts as an incentive for investments of that kind .
It is a well known fact that the proportion of the elderly in every developed nation 's population is on a rapid rise , thanks to increased usage of birth controls and past government policies .
Secondly , doctors have found the cure for many diseases and many operations have been done in less time and in a painless way . By using special machines doctors have been able to save more lives than in the past .
Technology has vastly improved during the past century and made life easier for the elderly around the world .
The government spent a lot of money sending engineers to study advanced technologies and importing experts from abroad ; the other various industries of China have all given a great support to the aviation industry , especially by providing resources and funds .
However , the truth is that surveillance technology does not prevent terrorism from occurring at all .
The computer has made life easier from a physical standpoint and harder from a mental standpoint .
The physical effects of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
Almost everything is dependent on computers .
As part of the push toward greater individual control of health information , Microsoft and Google have recently begun offering Web - based personal health records .
This can alleviate theft rate in the factories .
In the past , technology was poor and only a few people had a smartphone or a computer .
Unfortunately , the reality impels me to admit that young people have more opportunities to enjoy life because of all the technological advances that older people tend not to understand well .
In my view , systems of mutual recognition are more attractive .
Since the right of inventors and innovators is not well-protected , people are unwilling to create new products .
In real life , the theories and graphical models formulated on computers can not be fully achieved and this is a common problem in most engineering innovations .
Math problems are solved much quickly by using a calculator .
A majority of people are far too stupid to ever effectively use a computer .
Instead of arguing about the biology of mental illness , Warner ’s argument appears to be that if people are suffering stress from the vagaries of life , and they decide to take a pill , then that is their prerogative , and no one should cast stones .
For example , buildings , foods , etc .
All across the United States , students and teachers come to the classroom with tons of built - in excuses for why they ca n't or wo n't do what they know they need to do .
Introducing psychology in the design process only makes a difference in human behavior , but many industrial accidents are not only caused by a single human error .
Some people say that computers have made life easier and more convenient .
Digitized voice calls need the bits to arrive exactly at the right time , otherwise the call fails . Our brains need what is called isochronous connections .
Hence , engineers are unable to continue their work .
Many factors result in this phenomenon .
Political campaigns are often competitive and can get unpleasant at times , but , as Jeff Greenfield reports , a new level of election aggressiveness has emerged on the Internet .
Since the 1970 s , communication technology has made great advances , offering capabilities that are unthinkable a decade earlier .
A majority of people are far too stupid to ever effectively use a computer .
For many people , there are real obstacles .
Another reason is that knowing how to use a computer is necessary in most jobs .
Good configuration management practices also have allowed for unauthorized changes such as those made by Childs to be detected quickly , thereby limiting damage .
Maybe my key is in the laboratory .
Actually , teenagers are right because younger parents have a stronger relationship with their children .
However , it seems otherwise since psychology is a study of the human mind or behavior .
Undeniably , surveillance technologies do overlap with human rights , but more often than not , the use of these technologies brings about more benefits than negative consequences .
A large , 1/2 egg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , with a metal arrow in it 's center has changed the size of the world , and communication amongst the countries within it .
Secondly , the development of mobile telecommunication was inspired by achievements in other fields .
In part , it has created The Information Age , as the latter part of the 20th ctry , is often labelled .
The controversy in many business schools swirling around the practice of treating education as a product and students as customers would be comic if it did not reflect the widespread failure of people inside and outside colleges and universities to acknowledge the looming financial crisis in higher education .
Within a decade , the coaxial network was superseded by a system of satellites , adding a global as well as national perspective to the news .
And if officials have long since abandoned efforts at Maoist - style thought control , the propaganda machine can still stir up nationalist passions , or shut them off , depending on the party ’s priorities .
For this reason , we are not satisfied with the current supervision of Europol that is supposedly carried out by the national parliaments .
In the last four years , CNN , which includes not just the flagship American network , but Headline News , CNN International and CNN.com , doubled its profits .
Education is the key to sustain economic livelihood .
While America has focused on Tiger Woods , the rest of the golf world has watched the broad trend of the sport : the British Isles have risen again , especially England .
The creation of MTV in 1980 , has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
The CPF policy has seen tremendous success in providing people with sufficient income for future use , and it certainly has lessened the impact that the ageing process has brought about .
More than 15 percent of the U.S. population is Hispanic .
The Satellite dish has also created distinct advantages for Cable TV and naval programs as well .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself due to cable viewing , created by the satellite dish .
Separately , the Obama administration has stepped up the use of its drone program to execute individuals residing in states where the U.S. is not at war .
But there is no proof of a SUPERNATURAL world .
Technology has vastly improved during the past century and made life easier for the elderly around the world .
Threatened by this new legislation and in order to keep the peace , employers may be forced to employ people without any real justification , which will hinder the competitiveness of their companies .
The pro 's and con 's of the satellite dish are numerous .
The problem , as other members have said , is that we do not know the situation because of the secrecy surrounding this .
In conclusion , due to the serious impact on one 's life , we should let the individual decide whether or not to reveal genetic results .
It is undeniable that there definitely exist lots of great inventions throughout human history like the light bulb , the steamer , the telephone , etc .
Originated from Ernest Rutherford 's theory about atomic structure and Albert Einstein 's well known mass-energy formula , the development of nuclear power has bypassed a glorious century and has become one of the major electrical energy sources now (
Although this power is naturally destructive , mankind should not cower in fear .
Never in the history of earth has been a species which had killed its own kind in such large numbers .
Never in the history of earth has been a species which had killed its own kind in such large numbers .
Although technology is also used to create new types of weapon and also to kill people , that is only the worst part of it .
As the global economy continues its search for growth , its insatiable appetite for energy has greatly diminished our non-renewable resources .
For not only does it have the capacity to kill ,
Education will nurture the best brains which will in turn power the economy and bring wealth to the nation .
Because of the system , sometimes problems arise .
In addition to this , and in order to prevent these kinds of incidents , we need to declare a ruthless war on the drug trade , which is a destabilising force in many poor countries in Africa , Asia and South America , supports terrorism and , through drug addiction , destroys the lives of hundreds of millions of people throughout the world .
Despite the benefits promised by Generation IV nuclear reactors , it still requires much effort to convince the public to accept this technology .
We can easily arrive at the conclusion that the Internet will not alienate human society .
For the sake of the environment and for the sake of our quality of life , we need to reduce the noise emitted by aeroplanes , especially as air traffic is increasing and the situation is getting worse year on year .
I wholly agree that infectious diseases should be controlled and eradicated , because it ’s likely that exploding populations have led to them being unnaturally prevalent in human populations all over the world .
It is impossible to censor the whole network , but the temptation or threat to do so still exists .
The lack of sight from our leaders is almost appalling .
I am certain that those who live in modern society have been losing their moral values .
The reason is that the development of globalization has let our country improve its economy .
That is not the only thing : there is also a problem with the free market .
Memories of the terrorist attacks that happened around the world will always serve as a stark reminder to everyone that a lapse in security will result in heavy casualties .
This is the reason why government decisions about education play an essential role . I have always thought that it should be accessible to all .
It began today .
Write a letter to your boss , Mr .
When talking about the most striking features of aging we can not forget the progress of science and its effects on almost every aspect of human life .
All these facts mean that our modern life causes great damage to the earth .
Also , traveling abroad has served to increase people 's knowledge of the world .
Properly interpreted , Kuhn was not saying anything about the ultimate unintelligibility of the world , but rather described an interesting pattern in the social activity of science .
In the past , communication was slow and unreliable as it was done over a distance by physical transportation such as the use of pigeons , boats and messengers .
But it is elderly people who can also draw great benefit from technology , for example , when they are unable to go out and shop and can instead order food via their computer at home .
Travelling by car might be more pleasant , but it can also be costly , because fuel can be very expensive , depending on the current economy .
Nowadays , when we look around the world , we can see how it is more common and easier for industry and business to relocate outside areas with high social costs and high taxation .
The reason why I study English is because I want to make friends with people who live in other countries .
When I first joined this site , I was surprised that I could actually communicate with people from other countries .
It always blows my mind that we can travel to these places and share these incredibly deep experiences with people , even though we may not speak the same language and have completely different cultures .
The United States is the most interesting country , because it has produced a lot of Internet services that have changed the world .
The use of surveillance technology to track people has become possible due to the advancement in technology .
By allowing proper usage of surveillance technology , one could increase the level of security and safekeeping in a country as well as improve work efficiency at the workplace .
Technology also improved communications with the phone of course and also with the Internet .
Second , travelling by train is safe and reasonable compared to planes .
In the recent few decades , adverse climate changes and increase numbers of natural disasters have finally made humans realize the impact of human activities on earth .
First , needless to say , advances in technology have offered enormous things to us through history , especially in these last centuries .
While our parochial discourse has stagnated , countries around the world have recognized what the right to abortion means for women ’s ability to control their health and life .
While our parochial discourse has stagnated , countries around the world have recognized what the right to abortion means for women ’s ability to control their health and life .
Paradoxically , sociologists say , entrusting the elderly to the care of strangers actually confirms the centrality of the family in Italian society by adjusting to the gradual disappearance of the extended family model and the entry of women , who traditionally cared for older family members , into the work force .
The first significant equal rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70s with the Equal Rights Amendment , which failed .
The average private worker now earns roughly $ 600 a week , not counting fringe benefits .
This does not only have something to do with education , but most importantly with the fact that women who have children are disadvantaged in the labour market .
It ’s not an issue for more mature adults who have developed social skills outside of gaming , but young people with microphones and anonymity seem to lose all concept of the fact they are interacting with another real human being .
We may be surprised that in our society , which is based on human rights , we still need to emphasise the need to incorporate equal opportunities for men and women into all community policies and activities .
Medicine nowadays gives us a strong belief that the aging process is something we can alter .
As politicians , we must be able to guarantee for present and future generations an improvement in their living conditions without destroying economic growth and jobs , and we must equally stop hiding behind claims that nothing can be done .
I favor the fact that technology has to be made more accessible to people rather than people changing their ways to adapt to technology .
With the rapid development of Information Technology , computers play an important role in our daily life .
In addition , there are people worrying about the sustainability of nuclear power .
All of us know that technology and science have affected our lives .
The third concern considered , is the nuclear waste disposal .
Nuclear accidents are deadly disasters , causing economic losses as well as huge damage to the environment and people 's health .
We are empowering criminals by this prohibition , and we are empowering the government to take away our rights and freedoms .
Companies are no longer able to freely dump their wastes w / o being heavily fined .
Moreover , people have become more aware of environmental protection .
If we succeeded in everything , we would think our life is dull .
The question now is how we should organize ourselves in the future .
Currently in many countries , the growing aging population has put a lot of pressure on the social services .
However , if we use natural energy , we can not only reduce the emission of green house gas , but also save our resources .
For these reasons , I believe that scientific progress is always beneficial to our lives .
In conclusion , in my opinion nuclear energy can be used to solve the problem of increasing energy demand in various industries , because it is safe to both human beings and the environment , and it is capable to provide relatively larger amounts of energy than other sources .
So rather than encouraging home ownership , this encourages the rich to get richer and keep the proceeds , since the profits from a home you lived in are NOT taxes if you lived in it for 2 of 5 years .
This economic growth is important because it allows the country to have the power to improve its citizens ' quality of life .
A major concern in the use of nuclear energy is the issue of safety .
In the past , once again , we assumed our energy was never ending .
Some people do not seem to like public information very much , but the people who live near these large combustion plants need to be fully aware of whether their health is at risk from increased air pollution .
Literature is both an art and a product ; and if you want Americans to read more literature , you have to increase demand for the product .
So , we could not control our behavior .
We can not deny that technology has changed our lives .
It is disheartening to enter the job market at such uncertain times , but we do have a fighting chance if we know how to market our capabilities to future employers .
Thus , a man can not be free in society .
In conclusion , society should now move toward a new paradigm : aging is not a burden on the economy or the development of a country .
We are all becoming more and more dependent on our handheld devices , which are becoming more and more powerful and an expanding part of our daily lives .
One thing I would like to comment on is the obvious problems that we are finding with the economic and political developments in Germany and France .
As politicians , we must be able to guarantee for present and future generations an improvement in their living conditions without destroying economic growth and jobs , and we must equally stop hiding behind claims that nothing can be done .
Obviously , our lives has changed enormously because of the use of computers .
My daily life has also changed a lot through the use of computers or modern technology .
It is a way for me to gather and share professional information , ideas , concepts , courses that are important to me … It is much more user friendly than LinkIn , keeping me abreast of what my friends are up to all day long .
Secondly , the Internet enables us to find information quickly .
Although my students have not arrived in my room yet , I do not think that any of them could possibly be as frustrating as other teachers .
In this way , I can share many different files and allow others to use them yet keep people from changing those files on my computer .
I use my debit card for about 95 % of my purchases ; the only time I use the credit card is when travelling ( airline tickets , hotels , etc . )
Long after that , because I had such a natural talent at engineering , I began to write books and essays about everything related to my job .
IWork outdoes Microsoft Office , most notably by helping you make more use of the information already on your computer .
Also , I can communicate with some friends who live in other countries by e - mail almost every day , and I save some money because I pay for a local call , and not for an international call .
Unfortunately , the reality impels me to admit that young people have more opportunities to enjoy life because of all the technological advances that older people tend not to understand well .
Fortunately , I 'm safe because I 'm in Tokyo .
I ask myself how I got here and why .
I remember several months ago when I wrote that I would like to be qualified for the USCPA .
Anywho , I 'm at work ( Bentley college , graduate school of business) ... multitasking , if you will .
I 'm sure it involves setting up some sort of server capable of accepting connections , which my computer may or may not be able to handle .
If there was some form of double safety net , it would quickly become impenetrable and the community would be prevented from taking any decision at all .
At this point , even if I could afford a car , I would not be able to drive it .
Television is one of the most important inventions of the last century since it has had a great impact on societies around the world .
When talking about the most striking features of aging we can not forget the progress of science and its effects on almost every aspect of human life .
The internet serves as a central location for movies , TV , radio , any medium at all to be discussed and dissected .
In every port city in the world , some sort of 12 - step meeting is underway almost any day .
It is true that , not just at the national level but also at the community level , the main strategy that can be developed is that of reporting incidents , alerting people and providing information , all of which must be done by non - governmental organisations ; we feel that the aim to which we have dedicated ourselves is to raise the awareness of public authorities , the police , to whom complaints are made or not made , and the judges , who have to judge each specific case , so that they all understand the criminal significance of violence against women , even when it is perpetrated within the family .
Yes , it plays a colorful secondary role , but the reality is that the vast majority of people in this world are far more concerned about issues which are directly relevant to their lives , like jobs , crime , education and healthcare .
But it is elderly people who can also draw great benefit from technology , for example , when they are unable to go out and shop and can instead order food via their computer at home .
In all three books , he explores a rarefied black world that he treats as a parallel universe to better - known white society , with a black elite that has its own ideas about success and distinction .
More and more people are dependent on aviation in their everyday lives , but it is also important for industry .
If people understand this reality , they can escape from possible failures ; otherwise , they may make the same mistakes .
There are several reasons to believe that . Firstly , many people are influenced by the advertising , which mixes happiness with driving cars and makes people think that public transport is not as smart an option as cars .
Both Goodkind and King seem to actually have a concept of what it is like to limit the number of characters that get involved in the story .
With the aid of psychology , people could gain a better understanding of aging , which is a natural phenomenon , and appreciate the elderly more .
The waters of the culunary seas have been calm and consistant for centuries .
Progress has move slow like the tides and the constant rythm of the waves have showed little changed .
However with the daybreak of the twentyth century a storm has brewed .
Greed has fueled a treacherous race to climb up above everyone around us , one that has destroyed millions more than it has granted such a glorious victory .
This wave is the microwave .
It is incredible to think that such an elegant discovery could forever change the face of biology .
A complete break has been forged in the way food is prepared .
That night , as the camp fire flickered in the darkness , the patoman attacked the warriors while they slept .
As History progressed , spits and barbeques emerged .
Technology saw the advent of the wood stove , and later ones fueled by coal .
Modern times saw gas and electric ranges as to staple .
They always have one thing in common .
" It was the King who helped us to understand the brotherhood of all humanity , " Lee said .
Ammonium nitrate can be soaked in diesel fuel to produce a powerful bomb and is a favorite of terrorists , but when chemically tied to ammonium sulfate , its chemical structure is changed so that it is no longer explosive .
Therefore , we can see how setting aside old engineering processes and embracing new ones can satisfy that need .
If this were not amazing enough , the microwave cuts cooking time in half .
If you can allow people to decide for themselves whether or not they want to have a beer after work , then you can also let them decide if they wish to smoke a joint before bed .. thc is lipid soluble , meaning its metabolism can not cause the more worrisome effects of other real drugs .
In today 's fast - paced society , time has become the most scarce resource known to mankind .
A lack of any real division between the dining room and an open kitchen means that you have to step into the kitchen and sometimes even squeeze past a cook to get to those restrooms .
It is difficult to remove the product because the pellets are durable , and this design discourages weapon proliferation , which makes the waste easy to concentrate and recycle .
With the help of technology , scientists have created an intelligent system that helped the elderly to remember everyday tasks .
For I have seen an angel . In my heart I know it is true .
This is undoubtedly true because inventions throughout history have greatly improved the quality of people 's lives , and people 's endless desires have stimulated development of new technologies .
Obviously , we see cultural evolution in many areas , such as the spreading of tools and technology or the development of new artistic forms .
These concerns pushed the technology forward , thus eventually came the bar code we use nowadays .
Anyway , it is so easy to satisfy that fat requirement by just eating a chunk of meat .
With the rapid development of Information Technology , computers play an important role in our daily life .
To answer the question : " How has modern technology changed my daily life ? " , I can confirm that it has been in many ways , and the most important one that I can remember was the invention of computers and later the Internet , because it was easier for me , and for everyone , to do your homework , , and , in fact , it was easier for me to search for information that in the past I would have to look up in a library .
A machine gun can be used to keep civil peace , enforce Marshall Law .
Rebels have used the radio to spread their propaganda .
Technology has vastly improved during the past century and made life easier for the elderly around the world .
The rules of the game are very simple .
Television is just like a kaleidoscope , there are various materials provided for us .
Modern technologies and the development of mass media , have allowed advertising to become the greatest art of the 20th century .
It gives safety to people .
I think that life without modern technology would be simple and boring . That 's why I am using it in my daily life . I am happy that there is such a thing as modern technology .
Lately , I have needed clothes for winter .
These days , television allows us to see events all around the world .
People who are free , and free to travel , tend to be committed to peaceful solutions and less prey to introverted nationalism , which is a security threat .
The Internet , which only began to be used more widely two decades ago , has become an inseparable part of society like the telephone or radio .
( because , ) she can meet many people and talk together .
Television currently occupies a very important role in entertainment . However , one of the problems that society has faced since television became popular is that it is a distractor in education .
In Japan , it 's typical to spend the birthday night with the family eating aspecial dinner and birthday cake , followed by the parents give their kid a bitrhday present .
Since television was launched onto the market , it has acquired other purposes besides entertaining , such as communicating and advertising . That is why the possibility of it having educational purposes has been widely discussed .
Nowadays everybody watches T.V.
Anyhow , they ask him the question , and he answers : " I really enjoy the style of Britney Spears and try to emulate as much as I can .
It 's just so much fun for me to see all the animals and to spend the day outside enjoying the weather .
Although I rarely watch the show on TV , I like the way they are trying to keep up with modern technology and that they are always making boring news so vivid and interesting through short video clips , pictures and their choice of words .
Modern technology has changed my daily life in the sense that everything I do is becoming easier .
As politicians , we must be able to guarantee for present and future generations an improvement in their living conditions without destroying economic growth and jobs , and we must equally stop hiding behind claims that nothing can be done .
But it is only when one becomes totally lost or has no other paths to take , that one heeds the prediction .
Other people think that watching television can be informative .
T.V. comercials and T.V. programs project models of how one should be .
America under George the Younger is now so hated that even those older people who experienced the benign influence of the USA in the 50′ and 60 ’s are now saying “ and we used to believe everything the Americans said ” .
Lastly , the advancement in science and technology has provided an immediate response for the elderly when they face any danger .
The incorporation of women into the workplace is a reality which can not be reversed and women can not be put in a situation of having to choose between having children and keeping their job because of the complications which a pregnancy may entail .
But there is always a cost , and if you ask those operators to bear additional costs today , you are going to slow down the distribution of the product ; people who can not afford to pay for a mobile phone today will never be able to afford it .
So some ingredients have already been cut in their factory .
During this time , Beethoven began to challenge the musical status quo , breaking out of the mold set by Mozart and Haydn .
There was a group of scholars in France , l'Academie Français , that set guidelines for French literature .
Early printings are a strange selection of texts , partly because of the vicissitudes of financing book production ; “ Malleus Maleficarum ” is a pretty good example of a book that every institution had to own , rather than a book everyone wanted to read .
From time to time , Mr. Schechter insists on the larger significance of the case as a preview of things to come in American culture , especially the transmutation of real events into entertainment ( there is even an early , if feeble , instance of paparazzi journalism ) , but these arguments are not especially compelling .
As a cardinal , he often wrote that ever more secular Europeans were committing a sort of moral and cultural suicide in ignoring their Christian roots .
However , when writing Candide , Voltaire defied the Academie 's rules .
Fittingly , the subtext there is the democratization of life and painting suggested by the contrast of El Greco and Goya .
But Palin said that , especially as a tragedy unfolds , journalists and pundits should not manufacture what she called a " blood libel " that incites hatred and violence .
-(this is not one of my own invention , but a common cliché ) He who lives in a glass house should not throw stones .
Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
It was there that he first laid eyes on Lucrezia Buti , the young nun whom , according to legend , he snatched off the streets and took to his workshop , where she became his lover and bore him a son , then a daughter .
Last fall , Mr. Johnson ’s longtime companion accused him of brutally assaulting her , telling the police that he had choked her and thrown her against a dresser .
The wise old woman underwent the removal of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing rape .
When Shade is shot by Gradus , who has mistakenly shot Shade instead of the Judge who put him in prison , Kinbote 's only worry is that the poem is safe .
In the course of their scheme , Violante ’s beau , Felix ( Virginia Baeta ) , mistakenly suspects Violante of infidelity with Britton , and she is soon torn between keeping her man and betraying her friend .
He is also taken aback by the Indians ’ emphasis on family ties and social obligations , and they in turn are politely aghast at Todd ’s disconnection from his own relatives .
In a program note , Mr. Stein describes the play as a “ pure revenge drama , ” in contrast to the versions of the story by Aeschylus and Euripides .
Voltaire chooses not to stay away from the church and state issues .
Jesus is too busy thinking to actually appear in church and the pastor is his Mama .
It is time for Muslims all around the world to accept culpability and admit that the teachings of Muhammed have been distorted by a few selfish murderers who love to kill innocent people and claim that God has given them the right to do so .
Philosphers attempt to destroy or discredit science and its method , because over time , it will find an irrefutable result .
There is no place in American life for the enduring national cult of a hero , no equivalent of France 's national passion for Napoleon ( a cult , strangely enough , by no means limited to the French ) , England 's sentimental hero worship of Nelson ( and , increasingly , of Winston Churchill ) , Russia 's glorification of Peter the Great .
At the same time , gallant officers and soldiers are hung out to dry by a government - inspired system that cares little for their wellbeing but everything for its own political agenda …
In all three books , he explores a rarefied black world that he treats as a parallel universe to better - known white society , with a black elite that has its own ideas about success and distinction .
Fewer than 5 % of motorists drive over the legal limit , but they alone cause 20 % of the fatal accidents .
Moore ’s data is accurate .
Moreover , arthritis and related conditions are the leading cause of disability in the United States .
Most cases are those of the " trigger puling the finger " .
But since then , the public has grown more comfortable with the idea of marriage equality .
Lets face it … too many people of either sex seem to hate women leaders in the USA , but they are not allowed to hate blacks , even if they actually do .
Desegragation reduced some prejudice , but it still exists .
In the 21st century , we are still encountering violence and inhuman , humiliating treatment of others .
Her advice to anyone else in her position was to ask for help , and be clear about what was needed .
That person would then feel obligated to do nice things back and return favors .
But this is not a solution forobesity .
It would be better for the client to do nice things for the person that it would be to ask a favor of the person .
On the other hand , based on my experience in the US , since people are long convinced that they have a free press , a majority of people are not critical of their media at all .
Also , employers may stereotype these individuals as non-productive and inefficient workers and choose not to hire them ( Weiss 1999 ) .
The statement above is true .
It is no different for people who smoke .
Korean men feel dejected because of this .
There are many cultures all over the world .
He is prejudice toward Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
Since he felt pain during his upbringing , Martin resisted the segregation caused by White Americans once he had grown up .
Having been born a Muslim and having come to the US from Jordan , I understand the mentality of the people pushing this : in a religion as legalistic as Islam , if something is legal , nothing else needs to be considered .
If we safeguard our cultural heritage , we can understand and respect each another better within the context of our own identities and diversity .
This is not just an election , it ’s about fundamentally changing the way we conduct our politics and saving our democracy by enrolling a whole new generation of Americans into the process of self - governing .
In fact , these long - neglected crafts are already undergoing a renaissance that could transform the way we travel .
It is a well known fact that the proportion of the elderly in every developed nation 's population is on a rapid rise , thanks to increased usage of birth controls and past government policies .
But accepting it does n't mean we have to embrace it .
They lose their integrity and their humanity because they act as if it is the only option available .
Utilitrians often say that absolute morality simply can not address all of life , and that we must deal with each choice on its own .
Actually , it is common sense , humility , and the ability to form healthy working relationships that matter .
With three decades of defining the study of literature and history as a melodrama of race , class , and gender oppression , it has managed to turn off college students and the general reading public .
It 's a waste of time pursuing a primarily western artform in a populous Asian nation .
These are features that make each technology unique in its own way .
In other words , English may have needed to become simple to avoid conflicts between different races or cultures .
In short , could ON be an artificial attempt to recreate the verité that was disturbed by the photographer ’s physical interaction with the landscape ?
It is diffcult because I love to learn japanese ( and it 's an easier language than French or another I think ) but . . .
Modern art and music(jazz)incorporated cultural influences from around the world , those that are reflective of humanity , nature , and god .
Add to this the fact that in the last half century , Americans have become more realistic and knowledgeable about the world .
The stories told in this genre of literature , however , are likely the most important aspect of Ethnic American literature .
During National Service , men of different races come together and bond together to understand one another ’s culture and way of living .
Therefore , it is also necessary for us to show respect for animals , and we can only do that by reducing the suffering they have to go through .
Many survivors of the POW camps predicted that their guards would have killed all of the POWs to hide the evidence of cruelty .
In conclusion , the past is instrumental in solving humankind 's present and future problems .
Ethnic American literature benefits U.S. citizens in many ways .
Not because of what is seen , but rather for us to truly see , we must become transparent , totally exposing ourselves to this harsh world .
Stories that are realistic help us to understand our own life and the people around us better .
In terms of academic reading , we need to think about the meaning and how it connects with our daily experiences .
Over time , we have sought and claimed the success of the capitalist model , which has allowed us to produce more and better and to offer better living conditions .
Its affirmative action policy has served the nation well , balancing the economic growth strategies of our nation with the need to address structural inequalities and promote social harmony … As a nation , we should be proud of this achievement .
but beauty is beauty .
That activity is increasingly seen as a threat to broadcast television , which depends on ad revenue to pay for programs .
Then , the large number of entertainment programs broadcast discourage those who want more cultural or factual programs , as they have been drastically reduced .
Since the technologies used in tanks and common vehicles are quite the same , the vehicle industry quickly became the pillar industry of many industrialized countries .
Though most parents allow them to play them , over - playing a computer game can negatively affect children .
They have to face many other disturbing problems , including lack of access to education and health care , mental disorders , depression , suicide , addiction , various diseases , the forced prostitution of women and children and even human trafficking .
Supporters of the state 's controversial immigration law frequently cite this type of violence as a reason to crack down on illegal immigrants .
RFID tags are paper thin and thumbnail size computer chips that emit radiowaves for communication .
Some people , such as the Senate Commerce Committee , are not satisfied with it .
Backed by Internet companies such as Google Inc. and the online calling service Skype , the FCC says rules are needed to prevent phone and cable companies from prioritizing some traffic or degrading services that compete with their core businesses .
The bills would apply to broadcasting and cable ( Stern 1 ) .
The Obama administration has encouraged the movement and dangled potential financial incentives for states to join , but has not provided direct funding to groups that have drafted and promoted the standards .
These proposals could work if Congress had some support .
The Media Access Project has led the public interest coalition in its fight against any relaxation of the rules , warning that too much media consolidation would lead to less diversity in media coverage .
Though the rulings have not challenged the bans on direct corporate contributions to parties and candidates , political operatives say that as a practical matter , the rulings and a deadlock at the Federal Election Commission have already opened wide latitude for independent groups to advocate for and against candidates .
The mark it makes on kids ( boys and girls ) may be more insidious because the ads are for adults .
If a certain plot involves a murder , then the murder must happen .
At first , it ’s impossible to know where the actors are in the mass of people , and you may find yourself questioning what parts of the surroundings are actually in the show .
It ’s not an issue for more mature adults who have developed social skills outside of gaming , but young people with microphones and anonymity seem to lose all concept of the fact they are interacting with another real human being .
Last week the Army arranged a series of interviews for the Los Angeles Times with enlisted men and officers who have questioned the authenticity of the movie and its depiction of the members of the Army Explosives Ordinance Team ( EOD ) working in Iraq .
How widespread is it ?
In 1948 , Anderson joined forces with childhood friend Jay Ward to create such landmark television cartoons as " Crusader Rabbit , " " Dudley Do - Right , " and the zany Cold War characters of Rocky the Flying Squirrel , his sidekick Bullwinkle the Moose , and crafty Russian spies Boris Badenov and Natasha Fatale .
Oh well , it 's up to the band to judge me in this case .
However , there is a problem and that is that the film shows a lot of violence and it should not be seen by children , only by teenagers or older people .
That message is that , in fact , the pharmaceutical industry has developed medicines that are targeted and tested for people with severe mental illnesses , and then marketed to off - label cases - to people with mild disorders - and thus , those who need the drugs the most ( the mentally ill , who have trouble holding down jobs or getting insurance ) become the least likely to have access to the very drugs that were created for them .