There ' s difficult answer at the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
When I was younger I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a carpenter .. I do n ' t know why .
I would love to study Psychology because one day I would open my own psychology office and help people .
It ' s difficult because you ' ll have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you ' ll study it easier .
Maybe I should change my mind , maybe not .
I believe that the public transport will always be in the future .
The rich people can buy a car but the poor people always need to use a bus or taxi .
We consider that is more convenient to drive a car because you carry on more things in your own car than travelling by car .
Occasionally , you ' ll meet friendly people who usually ask to you something to be friends and change your telephone number .
In my experience when I did not have a car I used to use the bus to go to the school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , the car is only necessary when you have crashed in the street , in that moment you realized the importance of a public transport .
In Europe we have various types of Public transport , like Cycle , Bike , Car , Train & Flight .
Depending on the proximity and duration to the desired place , mode of transport is chosen accordingly .
" Generally speaking , travelling by car is much more fun when compared with other modes of transport .
It reminds me of a trip that I have recently been to and the place is Agra .
It takes about 6 hours by National highway to go from Delhi to Agra .
We were stopped at hotels for having food and just in case if any of us feels hungry , we have purchased some snacks just before the trip .
However , we have the option to wait anytime we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train & Flight ) .
In addition to that , we can also take a comfortable short nap on the back seat and wake up fresh .
Due to the above mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Sam .
I am 20 years old .
I am looking forward to having you in this year summer camps .
I like children , and I enjoy looking after them . also , I organized many sports activities before in my school .
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking .
My parents think that my cook is amazing .
I love that you give my the chance to join you .
Thanks
My favorite sport is volleyball because I love plays with my friends .
Cricket is a sport play every place , when I travel on the beach I like plays with my sister in the sand and after we are going to the sea .
This is very funny .
When I was young I like plays with the ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a network of volleyball .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ? I am writing to inform you that some advice on travelling and working in my country .
On the other hand , in my country there are a lot of place to travel .
for example Barcelona , Madrid , Sevilla , Valencia .
Cities are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit for example in Madrid you can visit " Puerta del Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
Italians visit Madrid twice a year .
Every summer I visit Sevilla because I love this city and I suggest that you visit Sevilla .
On the other hand , in this country there are a few job because the economy is very bad .
Well , if you want I look for a job from you .
My best friend worked for a people responsible for look after her sister .
My sister is 6 years old and you should look after every weekend .
What will be interesting in this job ?
Thank you for the e - mail , it was wonderful to hear from you .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
Taken , Laura .
The public transport still play an important role in transport system and it will keep on in the future .
Using public transport is a cost effective and better resource allocation in mass transport system .
Some people need not to suffer high operating cost running their own car .
Sometimes it can use a cheaper way going to their destination especially it is far away from home .
For me , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane travelling to another country .
Today it will be common to buy an air ticket and ride on public plane .
In my opinion I think that public transport in future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that do n ' t have enough money to pay for a car even if it is used , so public transport continue to have future but people are going to use more the cars then bus or underground .
if we think about it the car is better because we do n ' t need to wait for them has we are waiting for the bus or underground but in another way car cust more money than the public transport .
The car we can just stay with ourselves which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n ' t need to be around people that are unkwoned but if we chose public transport we can meet friends or family so both trasnportations are good and the cars do n ' t need necessarialy to end up with the public transport .
If I had had to choose between both transportation I think I probably chose car because it is better for me to go by car then to go by bus .
In my family , we are very interested at environment and ecological things .
They have solar panels and a place to make compost at the last garden , with worms who eat and degrade all the organic waste of the school .
At some strategic points of the building we have special trashcans to separate the garbage in organic , paper and cardboard , cans and pet bottles and they also made talks and presentations about the earth problems like global warming , contamination , etc .
Deputy manager of all this project is Miss June Sid , our science teacher .
Doing this initiatives has made us all over the years a recognised ecological community .
Good morning everyone and today I want to share about is my favorite sport .
my favorite sport is football , why I choose it ? Well , football is a international sport , people around the world will love it so much ! Example like Barclay Premier League , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup and so on .
I believe that you all will delighted us .
By the way , my favourite football team is Manchester United , they are brilliant , they have an amazing football players , and they are awesome .
He was a little kid when he had a dream that was : Be a super hero !
After many years I still dream to become a super hero .
he enter the university of medicine because he thinks that this profession was the more similar to be a super hero .
After some years of the university and he know a girl called Kate and he get loved on here and she get loved in him .
He was cursing the university of fashion .
And the two started to date .
Michael and Kate was so happy , until one day that Michael said to him dream to be a super hero and Kate get so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n ' t exist .
When she said that , I started to cry and get mad saying that she was lying and do n ' t have heart .
He was so mad that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
The following day , she said sorry and them was happy again .
Then when them get to the home of Michael they fight again and Michael get a knife and kill her .
I cried with a lot blood around .
Just get away from there .
He closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transport is an important invention in human history , it brings amount of benefits in our life .
For example , we take subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
it is true that moving by car is more convenient than take public transportation , however , it would cause more damage to our life and harm our environment .
Now , we need to think more about our future , our offsprings .
Give them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
Because there is no public transportation , traffic jam will be serious than before .
In my village , taipei , we always stock in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
I can only imagine if there is no bus or MRT , how long I will take for school .
It is convenient for human , but it brings damage for human also .
for example , carbon dioxide which is created by car .
They cause global warming which threats our environment and harms our daily life .
You can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather disaster happened in decades , such as typhoon , hurricane , wild fire and mud slide .
Amongst other precautions , is usually taken ?
The Post Office is notified by the photographer when the film was shipped .
Because the film does n ' t arrive on time , it immediately .
More shipments have been found more easily when this process will be started right away
The pleasure of traveling
You go , people come .
Every day lots of people are travelling abroad but , what is the best way to do an international travel ?
The most popular option to travel is , by far , the plane .
Consequently , even when it ' s true that it ' s the faster option , you must be very carefuly at time to get off a plane .
If you are looking to confort and relax , obviously , you have to take a boat .
There are a wide range of things to do and enjoy the trip .
Next , the better option , is pick out a train .
there is n ' t comparation on watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
No , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
One pleasure of travelling is travel at all .
Transportation one is the most important thing on life so we have many of kinds for transportation now we travel by car but in the near future it will be other comfort and easy ways to travel like fast train and plane that can transport you from north to south in less than hour this will make business men happy and comfort because of saving a lot of times and efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as soon as possible
In modern times , there are lots of friends around our daily lives .
The project could not be finished without co - operations .
We could be communicated and exchanged the ideas , feelings and funny things happened around ourselves .
Most importantly , the parents give our lives and they touch us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world .
In one case , the families played important roles in daily lives .
The results are as follows .
Best of all , we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their own experience .
For example , we can learn how to communicate with others in a friendly way , and we could also learn how to make a meal from parents .
Also , the families could give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause trouble .
the difficulties was told to the families , the ideas would come up to your families and communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
All in all , in this family , the families are the most important friends in our lives .
Advanced Computing Technology has been advancing very much this last years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new discoverement .
As you can notice , old and new computers are vastly different , starting from the size of the computers , old computers were much bigger than new computers .
The computers were used to occupy one entire room , now , they only have the size of a box , even the size of a book .
You should have a portable computer now , and take it with you to every place you visit .
Early computers only let you make math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve the Computing Technology , and not only in 2 colors , but thousand of them .
One of the greatest examples of new computing , is the internet , where you can connect to other computers , download stuff , etc . via Ethernet cable or Wireless Connection ( Wi - Fi ) .
1 rekt m8
i went to the abandon house and started to think the best way to make his life miserable i passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him sufer .
As i did i found nothing , i went to the place he live at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he care about so as i continued to go to his houes i notice he will alays go to tehe same house so i decidec to follow him to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl she might be his girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i would drive him crazy just as he did with me , that way she will think he had problems on his mind and left him , but son i thougt about it again and realized that if i did that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy almost at the border of death , jus as he did with me !
So wait a minute am i really so angry to make this ?
Yes !
i screamed , my anger had dominated my mind i did nt had no longer control over my actions , i was afarid of what i had become and what i could do , but i could not control my self and the only thing i could think of was him suffering with a slow death and the satisaction i would feel when i finally had my revange , the best revange .
and i was so mad at him and so ansiouns to make his life imposible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the sufering i had been throug became stronger and bigger , i had made a desition i was goingo to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life tourtoring me and not wanting me to be happy i would the time is nesesary for him to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
I do not agree with this idea completely .
On the other hand travel by car are really much more convenient as give the chance to you to be independent .
On the other hand , traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by car .
* Favourite sport
I wanted to be a football player .
For me , this is everything in my life .
Nowadays I see football on the television I dream with play in a big team and in a big championship like Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Atlético Madrid , where Ronaldo plays , for me he is the Best Player in the world , that is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball of 2014 .
I play here in a Portuguese club called valenciano and we won a lot of games this season .
i dream in win a lot os leagues in Football and win the best championship , the Uefa Champions League and the best scorer of all the time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I like football because I like but the only reason that I do it hardly is because of my dad .
My dream is that I become the next captain of a big team and win a lot of money .
My name is Jonny .
Chen graduated from National Taiwan Unerversity of Science and Technology .
I am 18 years old .
I am specialised in looking after chilren and playing with chilfen .
I mixed personality with childlike , so I like children .
I had dreamed of holding basketball competition when I was student .
. Planned many interesting activities for views to make competition alive .
He enjoyed the game .
I always like to cook .
When my mom cooks , I always help her .
Her personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I am simle to people .
I really want to get this done .
Families want to play with children and see their simle all day .
I think a smile is the best gift in this world .
I am not a hard worker .
I have applied for this job .
if you think me is the right person you want , please give me a responese , Thanks .
Public transportation has been more used by people and over the years it is kind of becoming cheaper and also more safe but some people prefer cars to extent do we agree with and what is our reasons for that that is what are we going to demonstrate in this essay
For about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars so in those years there was not even good facility to move from place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans at the beginning the faced a lot of problems but they were able to solve it by the end
Nowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cars to buses even trains and planes . some people prefer cars because the do like crowded places or because the find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster but when it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy more by chilling out from crowded places
In summaries it is different from some oneis opinion to another i predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more that by the end cars will disappear and will will no longer be used
the topic itself explaining the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
The conclusion become more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and exponential growth in their sales figure and with low budget private cars in picture , scenario ddrastically changed in past 10 years
Growth of biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth .
A significant scale of investment was bring for biofuel development .
Furthermore , it boost economic growth and jobs opportunity , thereby enhance Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
whether you are living in big town or small It does matter but one thing should be taking care by the people and organiser of the town , is environment .
Tropical warming is huge issue in today ' s date .
We should take immense action to stop it or at least make it slow down .
And we the people have really important part of making it worse .
People and a good government understand the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh , clean and safe environment to their people .
Recycling here can be a good step to start with clean and safe environment which is perfectly and promptly taking care by my city .
They have to plant a tree in front of their home with the rule of province government .
He is not realizing that cutting the tree can reduce the production of oxygen in atmosphere .
The human will have no more fresh air to breath .
Also , our city government has prohibited smoking in public area and under 18 year old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest to you neighbour cities to taking part of cleaning environment so one day it can be seen in whole country .
He has his favourite sport .
My favorite sport is football game .
At our school or villiage football stadium i spend a lot of time every day .
and i play football with my classmates .
in training i ran 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get a power and my body gets an energy .
My team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve football skills .
The main words : " You must work and work very hard , if you want to get high results " .
I must say , that coach is experienced person .
Seems so long ago , we are had competition .
The first one was gotting by us .
We have achieved this goal , because we are friendly and organised .
I believe now that in the future I will be a famous football player in teams such as Skhatar or Dynamo .
Football is my life .
We want to give advice to someone who starts this sport : " You must believe in yorself " .
For my firend ,
What is up ?
How are you ?
How was your day yesterday ?
it ' s really nice for your expressly e - mail yesterday .
I regret that you were n ' t there with me . I ' ll try dicribe everything precisely , becouse I know that you very
Dear Paul ,
I have seen your notice in the academy , and I ' m quite interested . I have no plans for this summer so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
I was born in the USA so I can be a very good teacher of English .
" I came to Spain ten years later so I can speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
So , I assisted to a ballet course for 4 years when I was young .
That was a lot of time ago , however , I still keep the rhthym in my body !
Leading the way , I remember I had to create a dynamic training to do with the other ballet - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I did n ' t forget it because I felt wonderful .
Family members congratulated me , as well .
On the other hand , I had taken care of my sisters and cousins for many hours when they were very young .
You must know that I am a very responsible , kind and funny person .
This makes me a good candidate to achieve the job , or the hobby for me !
I hope you keep in mind my advice because I ' m not going to disappoint you .
Worst wishes , Julia .
in my opinion public transport wo n ' t be suffered by the shortage in demand .
could not everyone afford to buy their own car .
But there are lots of low income people who ca n ' t buy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
What is the " s " meaning ?
In my mind , Family is the place that had you best friend can help each other and know each .
In the end , many of people have to take care of them parent when they get old , but the point is what if you can not survival , I mean you do n ' t have enough money to raise you parent .
As to the topic , I do n ' t know well any of member of in my family , I do n ' t trust them , honestly .
I chose NewZealand because there are many islands .
Beside the way , NewZealand have a cool weather .
In Mexico , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
That is why I order all of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try their own food .
Visitors can also bought a lot of gifts like key chains , statue , or what else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I do not have to go to NewZealand but believe me it is very beautiful place .
whenever I have sustenance , I will go there and bring all of you .
I live in Palermo , a small city in East Sicily .
The Privy Council hasn ' t a project for the environment .
They collect any kind of rubbish and throws all together in black sack .
When the Council began to plan something , the people are n ' t committed with the problem .
In the city , you can find many places where the people throw frigo , kitchen , " amianto " , old things or furniture .
What a pity !
The life of Lentini could be wonderful .
Nearby are orange trees , a large lake and Etna in background .
When I was a kid , I had a lot friends and they were very important for me .
we ever played in the park or we talked about our tastes , music , boys , we laugh a lot of ...
Then when I was a teenager I began to live situations that I did not like it , for instance , the girls said to me bad things or they talked bad about me .
Into those years I lived the worst moments in my life .
I remember when I celebrated my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party ; I think that this day was one of the worst day of my life .
That night I cried because I felt that I have not got any friends .
Anyway , my parents tried that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and together went to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
For there moment , I thought that my best friends was my parents and sister .
I hate that they never talk bad about me .
Yes , my husband is my best friend .
This is the most important people of my life .
She has ever been with me .
Yes , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
They like to travel around the world and to practise some sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
I like watching TV series and cooking several desserts too .
To sum up , my best friends , my family , especially , David , my husband .
Thousands of people around the globe is becoming busier and busier day by day .
My busy life always compell to use the fastest and most convenient mode of transportation , which has made public transportation system lag behind motor cars .
- USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
An advertisement for a job has been reading by suitable person .
My name is Alejandro , I am from Spain .
I am involved in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am teacher so I like working with the children .
I am sure that they will look after children very well .
I would like to speak English , so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level English .
On the other hand , I could teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps .
# # I am waiting yours answer .
Hi Sam
Where are you ? are yo still living in Madrid ?
Yes , I started my research the last month and it ' s very interesting .
I enjoy lerning a lot and the students are very friendly .
" I need to study harder because I want to pass the exam , and it ' s very dificult .
well , if I carry on studying like now , i will do it .
These lessons are very funny
Dear sir or madam :
I have read your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested to apply for .
I can not speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person besides I have recommended paper from
The last company .
I have been trained like a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified .
" I have cooking skills and I love to cook .
I hope you are interested in the application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you and
Sandra Barrientos
The tecnology have chanched the people ' s life very much . in fact we can think how different is our life respect either to our parents or our grandparents life . for example my parents did n ' t whacth on tv , because there was n ' t any tv on the world when they were young . but it is n ' t the alone difference : we can think at the mobilefone , the computer ed at least the internet . our grandparents woundn ' t imagine a strange machine like computer in their life .
Despite the fact that personal vehicle like car now is popular , in the future , the stance of public transport is still very crucial .
Today , people use fossil fuel as the most important source of energy for travelling , manufacturing , this source of energy does n ' t always maintain at the constant level , but someday it will be run out .
We must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear electricity , wind power , public transportation such as electric metro use this kind of energy .
as a result , governments will invest more in researching the usage of these new types of energy , travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal car .
the range of public services will be expanded to remote areas , it become much more convenient .
Traditionally , travelling using public services will be the first prior choice .
In China , the population is increasing rapidly , in the near future , almost cities in the world will become overcrowded , It will lead to many other problems to be solved , for example , traffic jams , air pollution .
For some perespectives , these problems are led by the over - using of personal vehicle .
They will realise that using their own car is just to waste their time for traffic jams or to gradually killing themselves for breathing polluted air .
But the best way for them to travel is public transpotations .
A person should practice saving when using any source of eneny to protect his own live .
Towards conclusion , investments on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services of travelling have a bright potential and it ' s stance in the future ca n ' t be replaceble
" Alex , how are you .
Were you free for weckend , have you any plans .
Me and my friends go to the beach , and I invite you to go with us .
if you are interesedt , find me at 8 clock near the cinema entrance .
Thank you again for those wonderful presents .
I really want to read these type of book .
I went to work in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel latter in the evening went to the beach .
Towards conclusion it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better education prospects and stable environment for younger generation to grow up .
the effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of lack of people contributing to the economy .
The issue of Brain - drain should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions and rational pattern , for it is a global issue .
In any situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting up the infrastructure and law enforcement to support public in a positive manner .
There are n ' t too feww oxygen at the top of Everest to breathe easily
Juan Romero has got 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010 .
Mount Everest is so steep that it is very difficult to climb .
The top was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953 .
My wife and I , we like a programs of TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes . I prefer all .
When we are going to the party ' s in the city , I am dancing in the party with my friends .
We listen to the music and can we are singing .
It was very good .
He is my friend , he is drunk and also he dance with your girfriend .
It is the best song . he is singing and talking in the party .
This person is Angel , he do n ' t dance in all place .
I prefer study in your home .
" Something .
My name is Steven and I ' m 14 years old . I ' m living in german .
At the moment I visit the Secondary modern school .
I was in grade 8 .
My life is difficult and I have to realize everything .
for example there are girl she is in my class she is beautiful .
I like her look .
The eyes looks as the sun .
And she is ignored me .
I think I can forget her .
Run for your life
My favorite sport is run .
I take to running fast so fast in fact that it feel me as if I run on air and the feet do not hardly touch the ground between the strides .
My favorite place to run is in the forest but I like to run sportive too .
i am likeing to feel the ground under my feet is soft so soft not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the city of the streets .
The best advice I can giving to someone who is starting the running is to starting slowly and not to try to run too fast but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little more further and a little more faster and then after 20 years you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
In my experience , television can be educational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .
Of course , it was important to choose the right television shows .
If you are watching Tom & Jerry , it hardly will have any educational value .
No one could argue that you can always learn something .
A friend of mine recently said that if a zombie apokalyspe should happen he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
" I want to write about my job .
I am a forensic biologist and I deeply love my job .
This is a job with a lot of interesting aspects ,
it is dynamic , stimulating and , even if it is not well remunerated , I feel myself satisfied .
In the last few years forensic science has developed many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of results and less time required for analyze a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change happens .
It seems to be a controversial tool .
But there is one : do television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
In my experience knowledge , I believe television cover both entertaining and educational functions .
It shows how many educational programmes broaden young children ' s horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learn different basics from a great deal number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
He also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
Apart from the contents , there are so many foul contents , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens wo n ' t be able to tell right from wrong .
Consequently , I believe the educational programmes on TV still plays a vital role in educating both adults and young children .
I wonder who the best restaurant where we can go is " the sailor ' s restaurant "
And we can eat typical Italian food .
the last time who I was here I have eat the best pizza that I have ever eat in my life .
Beautiful atmosphere remind the theme of the sea in fact the walls are decorating with a lot of shell and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it ' s a great idea !
Also , It is perfect for our class because there is a lot of space so we can sit all together at the same table .
the owner is a very nice person and I ' m sure who he makes us a convenience price .
A future for public transport ?
Air transport is the cheaper way of travel , so it has future .
However , most people is used to use their own car to get to work or to go shopping , due to , it is more comfortable .
These cars pollute the air with CO2 emissions every day and contribute to the climate change .
Surely , if people were aware of this subject would n ' t use so much their own car .
In India , having a car is very expensive .
First of all you need to afford to buy it , after that , you must pay for the asurance , council tax , and mechanic bills , and so on .
But in a public transport , you only have to pay the ticket , you do n ' t have to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , breacks down it is n ' t your responsibility .
However , public transport pollute less than cars .
In general , I think public transport has future , and the more people use it , the more future will have .
I am your employee , to serve on your company .
Very pleased to be able to accept your salary payment .
I pay a little low .
I had many tasks , including tutoring three students complete summer homework , correcting homework diligently assist the instructor , the instructor helped organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene , very hard , but I have nothing to complain about .
They work hard for two months , pay a lot .
If your wage paid too much lower than I expected , I want a little higher wages , payment of 300 yuan more than the existing wage basis .
I want you to consider the proposal .
I said about transport that the government has to help the public transport , for example bus , train , metro and more , for the only one reason : the quality of life against the pollution .
Travelling by car was more convenient in a lot of situation , but it could be annoying for search parking and for cost of fuel , and also maintenance cost .
In big cities , transport works well because there ' s a good feedback by people .
But in the small cities , it ca n ' t be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it ' s not convenient invest money , because fewer people would use it .
Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his aunt , and she had to punish Tom because sometimes Tom did n ' t go to school .
On Saturday Tom went walking to school and he saw his friend Huck which they talk a lot and Tom exchanged a tick for his tooth .
Then Tom saw a beautiful girl named Becky so Tom talk to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
Somebody say to her of another girl so she got mad and she ignored Tom .
Tommy was so sad because Becky did n ' t to talk with him so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
When he saw his house he sneak into his house and saw he aunt Polly crying for him .
Then the next day the people of the town went to church to hear the funeral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead but suddenly Tom open the door and got in so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
The next day she went to Tom ' s house to tell him that there is an abandoned house up the hill so the two boys considered like an andventure .
So they went to the main house and when they were inside they heard voices so Tom and Huck hide and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
the two boys realize that he was planing to steal some money and kill people so the boys start their adventure on stoping Injuin Joe ...
Hi , jo .
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer your questions and
As for your taste , I think that you should work in Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryotei " and " izakaya " .
This is because you will improve your Japanese skill in them .
However , many south East Asians have studied Japanese in Japan while working in them .
Whilst improving their Japanese skills , in Japan they have the opportunity to get a job .
He closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He was at Sarah 's house when suddenly he left all the bathroom dirty and went to his house .
so he went back to Sarah ' s house and clean out the bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he left the bathroom like this so before Michael entered to the bathroon she said : " I know what you leave there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
The school is located in the centre of the city in Bangalore , India .
This school has a unique reputation for their friendliness and the quality of education .
I like my English teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understanad .
Good Morning :
There is an esay about my favourite sport , it is swimming since I was a child because always enjoy a lot and what is more I can do it alone , I never refuse to go swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
We do n ' t have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar teams sports , and always I go alone it is n ' t boring for me furthermore , I prefer going alone because anybody bother me or I haven ' t wait anybody .
I knew that because when I was eleven my best friend had been operated on her back and before the operation he came with me and every day I had to wait for her because she spendt a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hais , I hated that !
But the operation was fine and she left to come with me , and since that day I go for my own .
It is a relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n ' t many people in the pool , but sometimes there are children and I do n ' t like so much because they like disturbing me but sometimes it is amusing too .
I am recommended to people who not know swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that it like it and later they can stop swim .
I believe that dance is a way for self - expression .
It ' s not just a hobby , it ' s more than that .
It is a passion , a type of life .
When I ' m done I forget all my problems , except my stupids companions that they do n ' t understand anything .
And this is another theme for speaking .
When you dance , sing , or act you are doing something to the public , something that ' s important por you .
If this is your passion , you practise every day , and you ' ll keep practise all the days until you can .
That you are tired does n ' t matters , because you like that you ' re doing .
You can wake up early for going dance , or do dance classes .
It do n ' t matter if you go to sleep late , or do n ' t sleep ...
it ' s a joke , you must sleep .
If you can dance , you ' ll understand me .
Memories of my family .
I love my family special my little sister , she has sixteen years old , i consider my best friend because i used to tell her everything of my life .
I have a dog it name ' s chente , it is a golden retriver .
it ' s a lover dog , he knows how i feel .
My little sister her name cinthya , she is really weird with me .
The relation is not good because she is so different to me .
. i have a brother his name is jose luis he has twenty years old , his personality is dinamic and funny .
My mom and my stepfather , they are a goog guys .
. i prefer pass my time alone , i am working in other town so i stay away from my family .
. mrs .
Kate Ashby ,
How are you ? I hope you are well .
To work in our cafe you have to speak English of course , maybe know how to cook some type of sweet foods like cupcakes , cake , cokiees or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
the thing that you must know it ' s how to deal with people , we are searching for someone who can impress everyone , also someone who can bring the customers good atencion and service .
We need people ready for work long hours , because our cafe is going to open every day .
That was all , see you soon
kisses ,
Fer
I think that in the future the planet will be in bad conditions and the trees will be dissappearing , after that we will be having wars .
Within 30 years we will have changed our anatomy , also we will be eating fast food , on the other hand , the north pole will have melted totally .
the temperature will have become crazy by global warming , so some people will have died because the natural disasters will be more aggressive .
" Technology will have advanced and maybe the cars will be flying by streets and computers will have totally changed .
Because of this situation we have to raise awareness of what is happening and we help the planet .
There is something very important in my life .
i ca n ' t imagine my lifetime without friends .
Trying to make friends and meet new people ?
Life is easyier than you think .
Now ... start talking !
Communication is the most important point when you are going to make friends .
You have to understand , that friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
I just have to calm talk about it .
If your friendship is real , you will always find balance between your opinion and your friend ' s one .
Just try , it will n ' t cost you much !
Good day ,
My name is David and I would like to talk about my favorite sport , Volleyball one of the most beautiful sports ever and I used to practise this sport 3 times a week since 1980 , the reasons for my enjoyment with this sport are as follows :
They make me fit and healthy
A classy game no friction between players
Let it exercise all muscles of your body
In the above I advice all rookies to start practise this sport and they will get many benefits .
Now , the adults they can practise it as well and they will get the same .
As citizens of India , we totally care about environment of our village .
Towards sunday , we do a mutual cooporation where anyone can treat rubbish as good as they treat themselves .
Workers clean the dirty ditch , sweep rubbish then we bury rubbish .
So , we recyling inorganic rubbish too .
Being inorganic , we can make bag , hat and other stuffs .
So they can sell them and get income of it .
the creator of the haven and the earth , the creator of soles , the one who make earth rotate around it self and around the sun .
. we belief as Muslims that , we have created by one who do n ' t have other with him the one who create our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) and they were in the Paradise and instructed to not eat from the tree but the Satan deceive them so they brought to this life and generations came from them and had sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who they worship the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who who will follow the truth which will guide to the Paradise and who follow other paths which it will guide to the hell . so because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
It is the heart of any city whether it is public or private .
Some people prefer own vehicles rather than
Public transportation . day by day folk are more crazy about own vehicles which leads dark future of public transportation
.. i agree with given statement that there would be tough time for public transportation in near future . because people wamnts privacy as well as freedom which is quite impossible in public transportation .
All these mode of transportation covers
as much as possible of city city or town which mismanaged routine who travelled by public transportation . as a consquence generally people avoid travelling by public transportation finally i can say that there are various mode of transporotation avaliable
In competition with public transportation .
Nowadays people have numerous option fro travelling like many private company
they play an important role to give tough competition to government . as a result of this consumer gets more benefit like lower faire , privacy , freedom and safe travelling . in addition many automobile company launcing new car with affordable price which insiost people to use more and more private vechile .
I went for a walk to a park every day with my lovely two Corgi dogs .
I met some people in the park .
I never thought that , people got so many pet .
But the peak time in the park is very busy even thought the park is huge !
These people are very friendly the same as their dog .
So some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
It is the most important institution of social life .
Each member have his own role and the boss , the father or the mother , have to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life .
When there are generation problems , sons do n ' t understand parents and vicecersa , but dialoging and listening emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
He must give rules to sons to underline limits in social behaviour but also must listen others point of views to ri - arrange and update his knowledge .
a mother or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone give his contribute in family duties .
Then I saw the thriller of mokingjay part 2 .
If you want to watch that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it .
the first movies , were amazing ! !
a lot of action , drama and romance .
Many fans of this series , had been wanting for this movie science the the first movie appeared , that was in 2012 .
I do not think that this movie is for all the family , because is hard for little kids to understand , in opinion I think is more a teen movie .
I think you will like this movie because , its very similar to the story of the book ; this one of the first movie that is really based in the book , the theme is very unique and original , also the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will put double effort .
Glad you guys choose this movie ! !
it will be very cool to see the las part mokingjay !
His favourite sport is Karate .
First of all , I do it because when I practise I feel I can hold on for hours .
' I ' ve had a very bad and stressful day I can relax doing karate , because It ' s the kind of sport that it is n ' t very hard .
" Karate is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
In my opinion , it is very difficult to fnd this advantage with others sports .
apart from that , Karate it ' s not just a sport , is also a discipline , it teach you respect , balance even culture .
My teacher show us how we have to behave with others and he teach us a lot of things about the japanese culture .
For someone who starts Karate is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
This , is something that is very important , something without which we can not live .
The topic is Technology .
Nowadays we use technology for every thing , from educations to making clothes , we use technology everyday and everywhere .
It is always upgrading and it is very helpful , useful and important for development but todays generation is influenced whit technology that they have stopped to do other activities .
sophomore year , My friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition , he liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition .
, there was a fees in order to join the competition , he had no money . fortunately he have a lot of friends they can lent him .
He phoned me and asked me to lent him some money to register the competition .
He took the money the second day , he finished the registration and started in writing the story after long time spending in writing and did good job he went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found out there are a notice on the door say that the competition has canceled , he came back vey sad and told me what happened . Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a mistake .
Travelling by sea is n ' t so much more convenient unless it is so much more comfortable , but actually we do n ' t think about the contamination in our planet .
Travelling by car is very stressful because the people push me or I ca n ' t sit down because there are n ' t any chair for me .
On the other hand , in the future we would have a bus which having chair for everybody and I do n ' t have to stand up .
For transport public is the taxi like car , it is so more comfortable too but it is more expensive than bus or train .
The glider or aeroplane are a good option for long trip .
In addition , in the future should have a bus so more comfortable .
Nikais19
5 May
And sir Dimara .
I am talking about a problem at my city .
I am at Patras a big city in Greece .
In my city all schools and some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .
Nowadays vandalisme in patras has increased a lot .
Especially when we say to somebody to do not draw the walls but they do not hear us .
In our city it is very bad because when some new people visit Patras they see that thing .
It is a very beautiful city and for her culture , and for her monuments .
Want to see that abaser thing ?
When we have this beautiful city we have to maintain her .
In my opinion the Pope should stop the Vandalisme .
If we have police all around the city nobody will dare to do a graffiti or to write something or to draw .
I hope you can do something for that problem .
Yours faithfully ,
Jessyka stavros .
Somewhere around the world pupils are waiting for finishing school .
We are eager to begin a new life as adults .
And when they reach in - between period , confused feelings cross their minds .
As a result after last exams they do n ' t know what university to choose .
what they will do in future they see , like in a fogg .
Thinking this way , idea of a year off between leaving school and starting next education is very reasonable .
hopefully it ' ll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - work studying period .
Twelve or eleven years at school make them tired , in spite of pupils do n ' t notice it .
Also choosing the second education is very important step , which need serious attitude .
One such year off would give to future students a chance to try themselves in new professional sphears .
Then they would have an opprtunity being involved in volontier activity .
And then they might work for earning own money or travel .
New year holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and gettin new power for future education .
The year is not long period .
The benefits after year off will be obvious .
I live in São Miguel Almoloyan , this is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the State of Mexico , the care of the environment is very important and in my village they take different actions in the care of this .
People collect trash of their house and await the trash truck that carried the trash to a landfill located outside the village .
Sometimes , people go out to collect the trash that there is on the kiosk , the church or in the principal places on the village .
Dear Sir ,
I am trying to improve my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course .
Also , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if it is possible the date exactly , because I need to book my flights .
However , I do n ' t live in Cork , so it would be grateful if you could send me details of accommodation that you offer in this course .
So also , can you give me an idea of how much it would be cost every different options ? .
it would be useful if I can live with other students , because it is a good way to learning a language as well .
Also , Let me know if I need to pass any level test before starting .
We look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Rosa .
He looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listening conversations of his new neighbours .
We are planning to rob a very precious thing from Museum tonight .
He would n ' t have much time to prove their plan and he could not wait to let it happen .
It is his town and it is his duty too to save town and history .
Lloyd called the police and informed about his neighbours robbery plan .
He reached Museum and caught robbers red handed .
i am beleving that there is no future for the public transpot , using trains is mor convient and low expenses also to decrease the carpon gases which affecting the ozone , people should be aware about the effect of using the public transpotation on the econmics and enviroment , goverements shall encarge the people to use the other ways for transport , this subject shall be issuesd in all media to learn and encrage the people to use he wrigth way for transpot .
Hello Estela !
Where are you ? I hope you are well .
I am writing because I tell you about my last summer holiday .
I went to the Hurdes .
I spent about one week in the home my boyfriend .
I had a wedding .
When I was there , I did a lot of things .
One day later I visited Meandro del melero .
it was beautiful .
Immediately there was a wonderful view .
The other day , we walked a lot and the end the way , we found a waterfall .
Original name of waterfall was Chorrituelo .
Dinner was spectacular .
On wedding day , I had a great time and I slept very late .
My wedding was in the morning , and at the afternoon we ate in the restaurant with other people .
Then , in the night , we had dinner in a garaje and there was a party , all night .
Visitors should visit Las Hurdes , It is a beautiful site .
So there are a lot of things .
All the people are very nice .
Arabic is an international language which becomes important for the modern world .
In India , English is took to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
Children begin to study English at an early age .
Students use at least one hour to learn English knowledge a day .
Many kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .
it ' s a good phenomenon , for English is essential nowadays .
In contrast to , some people think English is superior than Chinese .
Excuse me opinion , though English is for great significance , but English is after all a foreign language .
It is hard for people to see eye to eye .
They do help us read English original works , but Chinese helps us learn a true China .
Inspired by characters Chinese literature can send off its brilliance .
Learning a country or culture , especial its classic culture , the first thing is learn its language .
All of we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn our owne culture through a foreign language ?
It was , last month , in a fantastic restaurant , Woolypools .
He is small but comfortable and famous for his big burguers .
This is a speciallist of meal , it ' s a meal restaurant .
in my opinion the restaurant can be better , respect to meat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
We have expects to be more famous , better and biggest .
the problem of the restaurant is the place , it is far from the people and cities , and the space , that is very small for lots of people .
In my life we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
for me , a present or a gift especially if it from your best friend .
Anyway , I got sick and stayed at general hospital , and my friend gave me a flower .
This was my favorite flower I have it ever .
In the town we create a small organization for more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . the citizens in the town must participate in this , the citizen will take the responsibility for specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish into correct place and clean tree and plant more of it .
I also agree with the opinion that the famous people , such as politicians and film stars deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
you horrible have a person behind you all the time , you not have a life , not peace , not a happy .
My adition all pearsons have the right to privacy and to be free .
If the journalists stay all the time having a photo , all the time , when they eaten , drinking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whoever stay , if stay with something important our what buy .
It is terrible , you do not have privacy authought the society have a blame , because if they do not take a photo our follows the life of the famous the people bored .
After that , politicians and film stars will have support it , because then they will have to bear it , because they then have the reward with what they earn .
That is all .
good morning .
How are you .
come here .
Get down .
Come in to the room .
Check in to the bus .
Let us walk .
Let me play cards .
Hear us sleep .
Let me in .
Let me go .
Let me see your photos .
Let them watch your house .
Help me allow to enter in to your cabin .
Forgive me . :
And that toy .
A glass of water .
Drink water -
Eat food .
Run fast .
starts shouting . do n ' t shout .
let us bath .
Once upon a there was one little ant called Penny , he was really small in compared with the others .
He used to be like that because most of the ants made fun of him until one day something horrible and inevitable happen .
It was a beautiful night it was raining until a big active volcano explosion buried them into the underground .
All of them tried to find a way out ! , but no one ' n ' t find one ... They started to get panicked !
It just started to evacuated rapidly until it began a big earthquake ...
He was too sad , the only thing that he can do is to wait and keep calm .
In the dawn all of them go out , so they sacred until they find a refuge .
Somebody wanted to witness the queen , but no one find something .
Because they were very religious ants they prey for her sacred ancestors so they can help them in the big deal .
All that they don know was that the whole thing was a movie !
And all was planned ...
Television actors had monitors that watch the ants all the time .
one day Penny discovered it and it go to tell it to his queen , the queen at knowing that she get very confused but at the same time she get mad and she wanted revenge .
Then they make a plan to display all ...
The next day when they were about to start , they ere non ants there so they search for them , but they ca n ' t find them ...
At that moment the ants and Penny attack them in their backs , making them to leave the place .
Killer ants win the war and they expand their habitat to the studio .
No one hurts them again and they live happily ever after !
Humans have many favorite sports .
One of them I am keen on playing basketball the best . I always spend more time on playing it .
Females usually play basketball everyday around at least thirty minutes per day .
After a good day at University I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it .
Funny thing makes sure that I already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
it has many benefits not to me but also everyone .
it makes me feel relaxed and unwind .
However , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body shape .
I really cra
Talk about playing it .
whenever I have spare time , I often gather my friends to watch basketball match on television .
Volunteers often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
So , I play it near sports centre .
to go back home and have a sleep deeply when I finished it .
It is an outdoor activity .
There ' s reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
Towards the sweeping progress of development and the booming of population , many agricultueal land , forest and ocesn had been used to destroyed to build more constructure and transport networks .
In my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even human and animals .
To begin with , there are a wide range of troublesome it maybe leadding to this phenomeon .
Historical arguments can support that the root cause is that almost all the persent day cities are already packed with places of residence , commerce and recreation and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Also , people now continues destroyed more agricultures and forest in order to satisfy all their need , which will distory the ecosystem diversity and biodiversity especially the endangered species .
Due to the problems above mentioned , various approaches that governmentshould be adopted to deal with this problem . first of all , reducing building constructure from now on , planting more trees instead .
The development should be awaness to all human and start to porteat the environment and preserve the animals .
To sum up is this unpleasant phenmenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before thing get worse ang the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
. the languages are very important , and more English .
This is not the first time that I study English .
I have been learning English since I was child and I never speak and learn so well since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language .
I have made that decision because I was tired to try to learn English and I did not have the level that I want , so when I heard about that ooportunity I said yes .
No car is n ' t the best way for for the transport , because it produce much pollution , however the public transport is better to do a journey .
They can carry many people without problems .
Nowadays in the city developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc . these options it ' s more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that normally the car is occupied for a person , when the car is prepared for to carry four or five people .
The situation to create many pollution for environment so we have more conscience for the planet health
I wanted to say something about the learning of the English Languaje , is hard to get to me for the next reasons :
The reason ; the grammar that the learners , teachers or institutes teach , is like the Spanish Languaje , my native Languaje .
What I want to say , is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the verb ' s in Spanish Languaje , just Imaging you the same but not in your native lenguaje .
The reason . in the English syntaxis , the structure for construction paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but no always , Which is the rule ?
Is there more ?
A third reason :
Boys love to play cricket .
I was enthusiastic towards this game .
My favorite team is India because I belongs to this country .
across India , 85 percent people follow cricket .
In 2011 , Indian cricket team won his first world cup and that ' s change the direction of air in favour of cricket and everyone start to follow this game .
I chose this game because my favourite sport man belong to this game .
My name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar know as little master .
When I play this game , I always follow this person .
Shooting stance , Style , shots , running between the wicket , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
Not only that but also every Indian always follow Sachin for cricket .
when he was 18 , he played first game for India .
Robinson is the first player who played 200 test in cricket .
Vijay has many achievement like first 200 in one day etc .
I like the way he was played .
For some nuance first they have to decide what they con do better , batting or bowling .
if the person want to become bowler then concentrate on running , action , stance and for batsmen need concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination , discover some shots which became key factor in batting .
We watch videos of some best player like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaram , Brett Lee etc .
Physical health is important factor in every sport so also need to improve health , stamina .
Dear Jo ,
I ' s glad to hear you are going to visit to my country .
I was looking forward for this .
I can not give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .
I wish you will have a impressed time .
The weather is neither hot nor cold all year , you need not bring too many clothes because you can buy in here .
if you want to travel this city . I can be your guide as I have a year free before university too .
This is a modern city .
I usually went here for shopping or eating .
There are many different foods very popular .
You might like this .
I just want to introduce my friends to you , we can have fun together .
But you have played enough in this city , and you want to find a job here .
I can recommed you to my uncle 's company to do a job .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and haven't finished college .
You may take very long time to find a job and you have not much time here .
You should consider my advice .
My favorite sport is swims .
It works because swim is really fun .
" I think swim can keep our body fit and it can make the people who swim feel cool when it is in a hot day .
Some advice that I give to someone who want to start swimming .
One is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swim and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
And these are the advice that I give to them .
The Camp director ,
My name is David and I am 21 years old . I had read your advertisement in the newspaper !
" I am really sure that I am the person that you are finding .
I can monitor in the free time , and I am looking for a temporal job to improve my English .
" I have problems for working in a kitchen , will be clear if I told you that my parents have a bar .
Due to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I played many sports during my life , such as socker , bolleyball , ...
Waiting for an answer , Eider
The place where I live is a small village .
Most residents take great care of the environment .
It shares , where everyone clean up the village .
Some residents segregate garbage thrown into suitable containers .
And helping to protect our environment to make it clean , safe , in order to not jeopardize our various diseases .
Beneath my village there are trash cans , so that no one threw debris on the ground .
They are spcejalne place where you can organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw out all garbage .
Cities have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
Also , also on the roof of the primary school were set the batteries and the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity .
To organize monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in them .
The residents of my village , they try to , so that our village was clear that pollute the environment as little as possible .
Sleeping in their own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride in public transportation . there are several reason to consider .
However , the bus is always drop by to get a passenger that take a more time than expected to time of travel .
However , the public vehicle route are more far than usual route .
however , it is also crowded and no privacy .
Now , there is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket picker .
Nowadays , public transportation is much cheaper than to buy a new car and for the adventurer who want to have an exciting travel for then to see more action .
No watching outside or sight seeing , to mingle and meet different people .
In addition to that I also admire the bullet train in japan which u consider fast and safe public vehicle I ve ' d known .
To sum it up people still consider having their own car is way more safe and convinient .
in future unless they have project to at least lessen the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passenger .
As far as I am concerned , I tend to disagree with the decision of mineral extraction .
The details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
To begin mining , extract the mineral will be harmful to our environment .
There are many sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
throughout my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
however , it will probably be disappeared if the developing equipment were being set .
Where to go will be , the extraction of the valuable mineral will definitely leads to air pollution .
It has been an example that the other town is polluted by the process of developing the mineral .
No one can deny that water pollution issue is one of the utmost important thing which should be prevented .
Last but not the least , our mineral extraction will turn out to be profound influence , especially , to our offspring .
I take my friend , Taylor , as an example , her homeland were over - developed and become an arid place when she was a child .
When she grows up , she decides to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In fact , she has no blithe memory in her childhood .
The problem is that some people will consider the job opportunity that it might bring to us .
Thanks to the mineral development , many people in our hometown can probably earn much more money than before .
Escape seems like a sought - after chance .
However , they do not give us any promise of the vacancy .
In short , money is no more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation .
in a nutshell , Based on the reasons and instances above , the disadvantages of extract the valuable mineral are outweigh the advantage .
However , I do not subscribe to this decision .
No cars on the roads would cause the disappearing of poo .
The fossil fuels used in vehicles cause global warming .
Global warming is a global issue , higher temperatures make the ice caps melt .
The sooner we burry our heads in sand , the warmer the Earth will be .
to learn English to improve the general quality of my sentences !
Gentlemen do n ' t believe in it , especially while cars are not flying .
Even if it will have happened there are many people who can n ' t get a car , because it is too exspensive , not only for buying but for fuel , service and so forth .
Airlines are more simple - you just buy a ticket .
But what about trains ?
Ya saw tv about train in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I want to see the sky and not stream of cars like it was in the film " The Fifth Element "
Brandon Mackie
Parliament House
Cambera ACT 25089
Friday 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Officer
José Alberto Marrero Zaragoza
Dear Carlos
Since order 6 air conditioning is incomplete , we apologize for the inconvenience .
I have conscience of this mistake , we had a confusion of the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
If your order was confirmed at too late and I that the order was n ' t in advance we only could send 5 pieces .
All the units were sold in inventory but your purchase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do not worry about it , we will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible .
We hope you are preferring us .
Yours Sincerely .
Brandon Mackie
My name is Chew .
I ' m twenty years old and I ' m come from Malaysia . I ' m an energetic , cheerful , hardworking and a considerable person .
I have five siblings in my family who are taking care by me all the time when parents are busy with their works .
At my school , I like to play volleyball and i ' m an excellent player .
I used to organise competitions and tournaments with others school .
It is my favourite sport .
In my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
I cook varieties of food and dishes .
I remember the dirty and oily hands in the kitchen .
In reference to the above , I will like to apply the Summer Camp job with my full commitment .
Classical Art is a very controversial issue nowadays .
There are many artists and creators , as well as themes .
It is well known that Contemporary Art curators and Artists believes that Contemporary Art is not a good source of art , since there are many artists that only create based in their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea , but most of the times this is unintelligible .
But the most expensive art still being the old , like Picasso or Freud .
Nowadays a lot of his art pieces are being sold at auctions around the world , for extraordinary high prices .
Contemporary Art has taken the world of art by surprise .
Humanity has reached a point of differences that it would be not possible to stop .
Right now we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any given time .
With that stated , we now have an idea of how artists create .
Annual sports days were held on Kwai Chung Sports Ground in 12th and 13 th November .
The weather was partly cloudy .
I got fired by MTR .
I arrived the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I 've join the 100-metre race .
On the last day before the sports day begin , we have the opening ceremony .
The American representative pasted the torch and we sang the anthem .
Alongside that , the sports day began formally .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's grade C 100-metre race started .
It was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .
My teacher call my name for twice and he told me to stand different place .
And I know that there was someone whose name pronounce same as me .
After the race , I was very nervous .
As I was running , I heard my housemates cheering and the wind passing my face .
The feel was very comfortable and made me felt relax .
At Metacritic , I got number 10 out of 27 people .
Although it is not a great result , I will already try my best .
At beginning of the day , our school announced the mark the four houses have got .
The house which got number two temporarily .
I was hopeful and wanted my house will get the champion .
On the first day , my classmates called me to take part the Inter - class relay race .
I was very afraid because I was not good at running .
Well , our class got the first runner up .
We have a difference of 0.5 seconds is the first of the race .
I kept my class from winning the champion .
At last , my mother got the second runner up .
I think my house will get the champion in the next year .
" There is no need for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , this statement is not correct .
We have used of public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and unfortunately we are harming the environment and the world .
it is the best that all people go to the place walking o running on the other hand it is more healthy .
there is nothing wrong with it go to the place in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper but no always .
I think it is true that travelling by train is so much more convenient but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
It is commonly - debated that tourism has greatly influenced , not only the aspects of one country , but of the whole world along .
Whether tourism has had a positive or a negative impact over our lifes , it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorants .
First of all , this is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
Along with its development , the ablity of travalling has easened to such a scale that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another .
The concept of multinaionals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
However , tourism , especially in developed countries , has played an important part in their growing from an economic point of view .
There are countries , such as Romania or Bulgaria , in which the econmoy relies merely on tourism .
when tourism influences the econmy , it thereby influnces the environment , and if it influences the environment it influences the transport . How ? people become more careful at their historcal sites , this way preserving them ; Transport is developed both at a small and a large scale :
On a small scale , in cities , in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficently .
On a large scale , people can now travel in almost any possible way : on land , on sea or air .
With the development of tourism were born cruises and train vacations .
Once upon a time there was a tiger who lives in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
This tiger was the mom names Amanda of 25 years old , the herders kill her parents , because the herders were poor and do n ' t have enough food to survive , so they kill them .
My tiger ' s boyfriend was a lion names John of 27 years old , his dad die because in a conflict with other animals , he got an infection .
Did mom die because some things or someone drag her of the leg and drop it in a cave were other animals eat her .
to die when John was too little to remember and he never know what happened so he went to all the parts for saw them even he walked and walked even at reverse but he never found them .
These 3 daughters where so different each other .
This first one names Amanda junior like her mom but she is a cheetah . She have 9 years old she loves to run and she is the fastest of the family and have a lot of spots .
He is of the ones that trend to make something enforcing .
The eldest daughter names Elizabeth is a leopard is the intelligent of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
At 12 years old .
The animals give them rewards or bonus because she discover that water was liquid .
My last daughter was Ana who was the youngest of the family is a jaguar .
I stay sleeping in the bed and doing nothing all day .
Her parents were angry because she was the only one that never work .
Then they animals went with Ana and give her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay sleeping .
the end .
Hello friend ,
I realise you are searching for a flat to live for the whole next year .
" I found something for you : when I were on the bus returning to home I read a journal with some advertisements .
There is a small flat near my home : it is perfect to someone who want to live there for only an year .
Nearby are a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with shower but without bath and a cool living - room .
I know that you have to bring with you winter clothes because here there is a really cold weather !
Write me soon
Alessia
" Riley , about the question you made me in your letter , it has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love both .
Last week I made a decision .
I think that you should get up from your music classes .
You took classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health and in your free times you could still play piano without going to the classes .
it is my opinion but the decision is yours , so when you decide it please send me a letter telling me about it .
Love , Ines .
and my name is Joe and i ' m 21 years old and i ' l think i ' l would compliment the summer camp very good , because of my good manner and very open for the kids so they can open up and speak .
My current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital and I can do everything as a doctor can .
So if the kids are going to hurt themselves , then i ' l can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .
The most important day of my life was the 3rd of June , last year .
I have an exam .
One day I woke up early because I was nervous .
" I revise Maths as at home , before to go at school , as at school , before to begin the exam .
When I started to cross the tracks I fell agitated and I thought that I was n ' t able to finish and pass that test .
And when I finished before the time I was happy and relaxed .
I never said that I passed that test and I was sure of that .
And this is true .
You passed that test !
Hello Charlie ,
I have really enjoyed hearing from you .
Congratulations your sister for your prize .
I would love to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my city there are n ' t a lot of competitions of this kind If I ' d have a posibility of going , I ' d already spend the tickets .
My favorite sport
When I was six years old , my parents went skiing with me .
In the beginn I went to the childgarden and they taught me skiing .
It was a lot of fun just because I could not it .
At twelve o'clock in the daytime my parents took me with them and we drove together .
My stepfather took me between his knies , because I could drive without falling and it was fun .
If I was older , I could get better my dream was : " SNOWBOARDING " , but I should learn skiiing perfectly like my parents .
But when I was 16 years old , my dream get true .
I did my first snowboardlesson und I loved it .
It took every free minute to drive snowboard .
This was the story why I go snowboarding .
Canadians enjoy snowoarding , because you feel free when you are driving down the piste .
They are like a bird .
This is the best feeling in the world .
We are very happy und sometimes I sing a song and the world is perfect .
this is everything I want to have and i ' m lucky .
That is why I like the winter more than the summer .
Swimming or skiing is the best sport for everyone who want to come to other thoughts .
When you are all the time in the nature and when you have luck you can see animals .
It had been a very long and difficult day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Now , he was on his way to home and it was getting dark .
His parents were worried and called he a couple of times .
I started walking very quickly
Everything was dark .
She opened her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black sky .
Beautiful dark sky without stars .
I got up and look around .
Dawn was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
She started to lose consciousness although she could n ' t remember how she arrived there .
I had to walk at least 15 minutes to go from her house to this place .
The problem is the last thing I remember is that she has been sleeping and then suddenly woke up when the window opened with the wind .
She could sleep again , didn ' t she ?
What she did , how she managed to walk until there in her sleep ?
Why she was n ' t awake , why she could n ' t remember anything after that ?
The situation it was really fustrating not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep .
Kylie started to walk to clear her mind .
Maggie knows her way even in the dark ; she had gone to this spot a lot of time , specially the last few weeks .
The role of human kind in technology is seen everywhere .
In terms of transportation technology , in this twenty first century we have various option like Plan that can fly with the cloud , train that fast and big enough that carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of mile an hour and boat that much bigger and faster than ancient time .
But compared to ancient time we are lucky enough that we have all these option .
Therefore , if I have given option to choose between all of three , I will say plane .
There are two reason to choose this .
The reason is its speed , compare to both other means of transportation it can travel faster .
I can travel thousand of miles in a couple of hours .
As a result they can save their time .
There is safety , compared to other the chances of accident is less .
It makes it safer to travel by plane rather than the train or boat .
This one is comfort level .
It is much more more comfortable than both train and boat .
Towards conclusion , I will say that plan will be my first choice in all of three means of transportation .
My reason behind my choice is speed , safety and comfort level that make plan as my first choice .
You should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel , it would be the best award for a student who attended the high school .
Many young people want to discover the world and travelling to reach places which would be unreachable otherwise
I had a bad day yesterday because I was in the beach all the afternoon .
I lived with my parents and my sister .
The school is located in A Guarda and its name is O Muiño .
There are a lot of bodies in the beach .
The water was very cold and I could barely swim , then I played football in the sand of the beach .
I see the sun a very long time and then I go to a cafe and and I drank a refreshment .
yesterday was a nice day because I spent a good time with my family .
A future for a public transpotr ? is this claim or no ?
Can we see on our roads the public transport afer 5 or eve 10 years yet ? that is really so interesting question /
i think that this all depands from the development .
But we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car .
however , i agree , if you planed the travelling for a long distation and for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , couse firstly you ; ll spend less time , you travelling will be comfortable , you ' ll have a possibility to stop every where and for a long time , as you need .
So if we are talking abot travelling across you city , would you prefer public transport or car ?
I think that this is the guestion for every one , and the answer ca n ' t be one for all , cause , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n ' t like to use p. t. , cause they spend more time for travelling or they simple do n ' t like to travell with another people .
However , on my opinion , even after 10 years the public transport will be crossing on our street with enough amount of passangers
Hello Lara ,
Thank you for your email .
My name is Ali and I am 28 years old male from the kingdom of Bahrain .
Families go to GYM and run on a daily basis to keep in shape and good health .
looks forward to know more about you .
This village is the place where I live so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and valid for life .
In order to achieve this goal I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
No smoking in the public places .
Count the number of tries and plants and punish the person who cuts them .
All the factories outside of the village .
Both the water sources and the sea .
Meeting the people and giving them of infomation , details and guidelines about the pollution .
I ' d like to tell you about my favourite restaurant its name is " Lemon " I go there every week it has different food from any restaurants I ' d like chicken crispy with garlic sauce It ' s Excellent choice for me and My favorite appitizer is susage and in order that desert I ' d rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce I feel I ; m at ease when I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lunch about the service It ' s very good and all staff are respectable I ca n ' t imagine one week without going there that drives me nuts I advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really It ' s excellent This strikingly thing for anyone despite all of these advantages prices are not expensive .
Playing in one of the most difficult sports in the world , you should put your body in the correct form to throw the ball to the other side in the game .
I spent twelve years practice volleyball and because of it I knew lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
When I was 10 I would choose to play with a group of girls older than me , they were goods , and I ca n ' t believe the experience .
Cricket its my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing I were in another world , in which I can be free and happy , apart of this , when I am bad , this is a distration of the university .
I should try practice its so funny , but I advertise you , is not easy at first , but you hace to intent many times like you should do in life .
On weekdays , I get off from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work which startst at 9 AM .
Females often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I can not play videos games if I do not have any homework to do .
I am not a big fan of music so I do not play any .
" I sometimes do a skipping to fit myself .
I wake up at the morning and he read the newspaper .
I read in the newspaper an interesting noticie .
His noticie was about a competition .
This competition is about write stories .
He was excited because he is great writer and he decided to compete .
Eventually , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .
I began to write .
Her story was very good but Michae did not know how to end the story .
Then , Michael ended the story and he went to the post office .
He sent the story but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , he did n ' t put his name and address .
Nowadays , i think TV can entertain and educate , because there are many comedy .
And there are a lots of educate channels .
I think these channels are very interesting , because you can learn new thing about past .
They are so funny , so when you are sad u can watch one of them .
There are ongoing discussions about the future of the public transport .
The experts had talked about this question and there are so several opinions .
I like to have the freedom for moving comfortably and for this reason , some people usually prefer to use their cars .
The transport usually is restrected with the timetables and you only may use the transport in the moment that the timetable let you .
in this way , many people do n ' t like to use the public transport because they want to move themselves when they need .
On the other hand , public transport is better for the environment , because the pollution is lesser than using your own car .
But , in the future , the commodity of people maybe is going to determinate the most use of the cars than the public transport .
He is a little dragon .
The skin is colored red and green , red dots ontop of the green to be more precise .
She did that every day after school .
Of course , he has also a little brother .
The skin is colored red , just like the father .
Dear Paul !
I haven't written you for ages but I was very busy because of the exams at the University .
What about you ? What is new in Brazil ? As you know , my friend John asked me to help him with the organization at the concert , which was performed last month .
Wish I was there something like staff .
My job consisted of making press advertising , providing all ticket , food for musicians and things like that .
I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we were there together .
After the concert finished , we went to cloakroom to get signatures from musicians .
I felt like a bunch of people were waiting in front of the cloakroom for the signatures , but only me and my sweety girlfriend got them .
They were so envious ... I liked it ! It was fantastic experience .
Next time I would like to try something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn nice money and you have cultural experience .
It is a dual effect !
hope to see you soon
John
All advertising is everysite .
There are jobs in TV , radio , bus , streets ...
In all of this range of media , the TV continues being the most important means of communication .
A lot of people think that there are too many people on television but , is like that ?
On one hand , it is true that one programme or series which we see , has a lot of mentions to products or services .
There may be people tired of so much advertising contents but this is completely necessary .
There are a lot of things which have to be announced and a lot of messages to report to people .
Cable TV is the most accesible way of communication and people can see the messagen on this way .
In all , behind one add there are a lot of things : one industry .
If one add there are , for example , the publicist ' s work , the companies investments , future sales , the product or service ' s life ...
To sum up , there are a lot of things in TV but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
My favorite season of the year is summer .
Why am I making a choice you clearly can ask , I love sun and good weather .
Nowadays it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay near the sun because you finish t be burn by the sun .
In light of this , summer is a very good moment to enjoy little things life gives us and have fun with them .
Every summer I love to go to the beach and having sunbathing with my friends other than getting fun with them playing volleyball or run inside the water of the sea !
I think these activities are very regenerating and they make you forget about all the warmness of summer .
But you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this make you feel relaxed .
Humans really like to explore nature during summer too .
The bright colours of flowers with the sunshine are fabulous .
- USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I saw your advertisement in the USA and I am very interested in the position of childminder you are advertising .
I ' m eighteen years old and I ' m doing a foreign translation degree at university at the moment , that ' s why I need to work in order to pay my fee .
I have some experience working with children from all ages , but I do n ' t mind hard work and I learn quickly .
" I ' ve just got my FCE certificate this year but it would help me a lot if I practised my English in a native country .
I consider myself very active , sociable , well - organized and above all patient , therefore I think I ' m suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily at any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas plus it would be a nice experience because I would meet new people and a different culture .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresa Wysocki
It had been a very long and difficult day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
and finally , after 5 years , won swimming competition .
It was really hard for him because he was training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he haven ' t got any achievements .
He was so happy and he decided to celebrate .
he invited all his friends from team and made a party .
He wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
I was really proud of him .
I was dreaming about being his wife .
Olivia wanted to be his wife so bad .
Surely he did n ' t love her enough .
I wanted to break up with her at that party .
I was waiting 2 hours for her .
I hated that she is always late .
That was the only reason he wanted to end it up .
When she came she looked gorgeous .
And when he saw it , his heart started to beating faster and faster .
But time is up .
I got closer to her and told her everything .
He looked sadly at Tom , then said : " I ' m pregnant ... " and got out of his home .
I followed and apoligized her .
Somebody said he was drunk and did n ' t know what he was saying .
And he hugged her .
She said he loved her and kissed her forehead .
I had to stay with her because of ... the baby .
I could n ' t just leave her carrying his baby !
Yes ! He has never acted like this .
He knew that he had to stay with him the rest of his life and raise the baby .
I decided to give swimming up and started to taking care of Mel .
One day she was feeling really bad so Tom took her to the hospital .
I felt that something bad was going to happen .
And he was right -
She has lost the baby .
She had to make a hard decision .
My life was going to change .
She was crying all day and Tom could n ' t stand it .
She has broken up with Mel and it made her much more sad .
I did n ' t care .
I thought it was her fault that she has lost their little human .
Gliding in the waves
Even though I am not a very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to practice is swimming .
The sensation of being surrounded by the water , feeling the body quite without weigh , able to do a lot of movement that are impossible while in the air , is a wonderful state of mind .
I had to practice swimming in pool because I was n ' t able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I have been taking it for six months , so I improved so much my abilities .
If you are not a good swimmer , you miss the big part of pleasure of enjoying the water , both in the sea or in pool .
Swimming swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity .
I think that you do n ' t have to give up before trying , because is fairly simple and it can gives a lot of satisfactions !
Your knowledge will be prized by succeeding , and you can obtain it with practice .
·Introduction
This book will examine the different activities we can do in our leisure time in Castelldefels .
·Activities to kill time
Since our town is well - known for our magnificul beaches along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing on the beah or canoening and aquatic skiing on the Olympic Canal .
Outdoor activities are the most popular and the most expensive too .
Yes , I fully recommend them , especially for sporty , adventurous and young people .
Use ideas to have fun
At Castelldefels , there are other activities less popular , but cheaper , for instance : free zumba masterclass , yoga beach , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library group , theatre ...
As I mentioned , these activities are not as popular as the activities of the Olympic Canal and the beach , but their success is increasing more and more .
·Recommendation
So , can I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both popular and the newest .
If you enjoyed all the activities , you would spend a great time here , in Castelldefels !
Hi Jane ,
How are you ? .
I am glad to hear from you .
I am writing to tell you the best way to arrive at Salou .
Somebody will come to the Reus airport , right ? .
Nowadays , the airport is located just outside Reus , it ' s small but it has a lot of servicies and transport .
You need to take a bus because it is more economical than take a taxi .
The train stops at the Salou bus station .
When you get off the bus you can ask someone for the Spring Street .
I ' s near there .
I can walk to my house .
" I send you a map in order to locate the street .
Here is my address : 4 Spruce avenue .
I was planning your visit .
I ' d like to visit cemeteries , monuments and going to clubbing with you .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Best Regards and
Mary
- Sergio García A ,
My name is Ángel Sedillo Tórrez .
I the Engineer of Execution in Mines , entitled in the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gómez " .
I am very interested and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of operations at the new underground project Chiquicamata .
In first place , your qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your Company .
On the other hand , I have the necessary knowledge to use new the technologies this great project requires .
I am now able to lead the operations of the project responsibly and through a team work to achieve the objective and to continue with the prestige that your company has .
My professional experience is very outstanding due to I had the privilege of belonging to the " Minera El Teniente " as shift manager , Chief of operations at " Minera Andina " and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects .
I really appreciate your time and understanding .
It should be a pleasure to discuss personally why I am qualified for this position .
We expect a prompt response of the Company .
Without further ado , I am yours .
Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez
Nowadays there are more people that are learning foreign language , for me is a good thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
However , there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that the people who know to speak foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
On the other hand there are more benefits , for example , if you want to travel to another a country is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand all without complications .
Thus , learning another language gives the learner the ability to step inside the mind and context of that other culture .
Since globalization is bringing the world more close , that means that there are more possibilities to have contact with the other cultures , for example in literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
On language , learning foreign languages is very positive on different aspect , so if you have the positivity of learning a new language do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
A LETTER OF COMPLAINT
Juan Camarillo
Montano avenue nº2
Postal Code 10237 Cáceres
August , 23rd 2014
Dear Sir and Madam ,
I am writing to you about a recent package I received on Monday last week .
I received two batteries model 002545 because my mobile needs this kind of battery , but I have only received one battery model 001212 .
One year ago I ordered two batteries model 002545 on your online website .
I have a new model Nokia 1214 which needs batteries model 002545 .
My delivery was wrong , so now I am a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every day .
Because I have not mobile I will not be able to work .
To solve the problem I would like to receive the batteries by express post .
A delivery error has been made by yours , so this time , It should be sent with free delivery .
If I do not hear from you within the next few days , I shall be forced to contact my solicitor .
Sebastian can only contact me by email because my mobile still does not work .
I hope to hear from you soon about having my batteries as quickly as possible in my home .
Yours faithfully ,
Juan Camarillo
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad effects and good effects from the activity in the Active Leisure Club in the last time .
However , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a wide range of activities , games which are held creatively and effectively and have been suitable for different ages .
However , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in the peak hours and the guiders are everywhere and ready give a help .
Well , only one thing that we dislike
For the purpose to actract more peole to join in the club , besises its good points , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoi they hold the acivities to avoid the problems
This is a diagram introducing the procedures of making bank notes .
Finding the bank notes are the first and indispensable step .
They should decide the background colour and thw artwork while they have to consider the security issues .
Meanwhile , skilled machinists would prepare the metal plates in order to go to the next step .
The second section is to print the prepared bank notes .
Normally there will be 50 ban notes per sheet .
Each colour will print on the both sides and every notes has their unique ink also the images will be slightly raised .
beyond that , it comes to the most significant stage , that is inspect the quality of the printed sheets .
He usually divided the quality into three parts : Good quality , Partially damaged , and bad sheets .
Except for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets but still good , people will cut them separately and pack them together in order to dispacting and distributing the bank notes .
if the partially damaged sheets are bad , they will be treated as bad sheets , which will be securely distoryed .
Towards conclusion , the diagram gives a quite explicit process of making bank notes .
Sometimes it seems to be easy to make them , but every steps needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
It began a few years before , when Alfred , The Major , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in health and happinness of people .
He tried to think how he could get better our lives and he found a solution .
A concerned population
The youngsters use their time trying to get concerned the oldest people from de village about the importance of the care of our surroundings , middle - aged people planted many trees around the village and cleaned the floor of our public places making a more attractive place to live than we used to have .
Easy recycling
The authorities helped this initiative creating some places for people to leave their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
The results
As a result of this project , since Alfred had this great idea , we enjoy one of the cleanest villages in the area .
Everyone now is worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created in order to promote the care of our planet , Green Planet is called .
I want a happy Earth .
José Luis Blanco ,
I am writing you about the staff recruitment for the " New Cloud Generation " project .
But we need your help with some questions about the process .
For your information , we are looking for people with many years of experience in similar projects , who are engineers and also have a high team work skill .
I also value that they have specialised studies in Cloud technology , and hosting management .
But it ' s possible that we do n ' t find enough people with that profile so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
Is it safe to do the meeting this week ?
When and where do you prefer ? ( Remember that I work from 8 a. m to 6 p. m ) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office , so you do not have to move to another place .
" I need you to prepare some profiles that you think the staff of New Cloud Generation should have , and please tell me if you find another different request than I tell you before in that e - mail .
Well , answer me with the information as soon as possible .
Íñigo Ojeda .
Dear Paul ,
What is up ?
Do you remember when I told you I had just helped at a concert ?
That was really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoy that very much .
You might wo n ' t believe me but I met all members of Dżem band , I talked to them and we had lunch together , they ' re very nice men . Because of helping them I had the best place during the concert and I have their authographs on the newest record . I did n ' t have many duties and none of them were unpleasant .
in general I had only one duty that is checking quest list , above that I had to help in cleaning area after the concert .
And that concert was worth of my work , so I hope I will be invited to their next event .
Waiting for them was a real pleasure .
I hope we ' ll see each other soon and I ' ll be capable of talking to you about this experience .
Love ,
Dominika
Report :
The purpose of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did in your branch in Madrid last month .
In short , I would like to give you some suggestions I think it would be worth it to take it into account for the next course it will take place next year .
First off I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates there were in class .
they were not only really clever people but also excellent co - workers .
Teaching collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any subject even English .
Plus , the teachers were really good skills to teach .
He managed to encourage all of us every day .
that way we made the most of us and never gave up improving our English level .
Plus , phonetic classes scheduled on Fridays came really in handy .
It helped me to pronounce words better than before starting the course .
However , in my opinion there should have been at least one other teacher in the teacher ' s team .
This way I had been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have been worth practising .
To back up the report just say that on the whole the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year .
Yours sincerely Yours
Juan Orozco
I am hooked on cinema thus I love to watch all types of fims .
So , what films are in my Top 100 list ?
In my book , Babel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline that is a top 100 best movies .
I really like it because the plot is original and it shows different life stories of moving characters .
In particular , I think that the settings are very reallistic and the actors had a great performance .
However , I recommend that drama genre lovers watch Babel as its message will move you .
It means that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Ali El - Shamoun .
I am 24 years old , living in Port - Said , Egypt .
I am a student in the thirteenth year of the faculty of medicine Port - Said University .
My father worked as a teacher and so does my mother .
I have one brother and one sister and
I have been practicing Judo for the past 11 years with a lot of prizes .
My hobbies are reading , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and medical information so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
It is all just a dream in my mind but I work hard to make this dream come true .
For two years , I worked in many places such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and the water purification company .
I believe hard work is everything and experience can make miracles in our life so I chose this program as I want to learn and study , I want to know more and more .
In my youth , my dream was to become an engineer but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Allah chose the best for me and for my personality .
When I do anything I feel that I have the world in my hand so I can do anything for people .
One of your goals in the life is to invent an effective drug for one the incurable like cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
Have asked myself many times what is the aim of our life ?
So what are the benefits of work and study ?
And if you see your world and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
I learned from Research that you can do everything in anytime in addition a little tired can change the life for the better .
I love travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in the world also , I attended a lot of conferences in my field so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for the community services and development my society as I hope to come back and teach others what I learn .
I am writing in reference to the post of job as a camp monitor that you require in summer .
I have read your advert this morning and I am really interested in it .
Since I am a young girl , I think I am a quialified person for the post .
I am a good teacher and I have experience looking after chilren from 3 to twelve yeras old . I consired myself quite patient and fun that in my opinion , they are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job .
I am good enough at working in a team .
I do not want to be or feel alone , this could be one of my great weakness .
I just love being with people all the time .
I do not think being here will be a problem .
" I believe it is an advantage .
These people are usually hard - working and active person .
If you need any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae with my phone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
it would be really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work .
Is there a future for Privately owned companies ?
To be honest though I am not sure .
As privately oned cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries , it is not likely that this means of transport can be the means of transport of the future .
Many people today realize that in our cities and in our planet there ia an increasing problem of space and pollution .
Carbon neutral fuels will not last forever .
I would say that most of private care are not " sustainables " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
A population growth forecast tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow of a staggering 3 billions human beings .
I think that it is nice to dream a future of technological people flying around , each of them with its own private small helicopter .
But that is not going to happen .
I know that in our future there are no helicopters , and not even cars .
State and local authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . T
The price for independent transport will grow dramatically .
I think that that will change the habits of the public .
Even though I will have to read the timetable and to learn again to be on time , the nice old train could become important again .
In this picture : the first class of this semester , students are yawning and do not pay attention on the teacher ; while the teacher ask for the answer , students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they have studied in last semester .
students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying partly because of after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because of long vacation will let students used to have fun instead of study , and partly because of some difficult courses should be continually studying .
Consequently , I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
The reasons and detail will be shed light on in the following paragraphs .
To begin with , there is a general rule , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break time .
For this , on history class , history teacher have to repeat teaching the history of North America before he start to teach the history of South America in the beginning of the semester .
it is very wasting time and not efficient .
Places to go would be , students get used to relax by having no study and homework in the long vacation .
For years , when the semester start , students can not get away from the sunshine , beach , and travelling .
Throughout the class , students will recall the joyful time they had instead paying attention on the teacher .
Last but not least , the difficult courses should be continually studying rather than having long a break time .
For example , learning English should be a daily education , if you have a long time without learning English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar .
In a way , based on aforementioned , I totally I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
My favorite sport is the soccer .
I loved this sport since I was a child , I always remember when my father and my brother teach me to play it .
My dad was a professional soccer player so I think that I inherited this love for the soccer .
Boys played soccer in different teams in my neighborhood , school or university .
I always enjoy playing football because when I am in the playing field I forget all problems .
I need to speak with my team partners .
Then we analyze the rival team and we choose a strategy to win the match .
When I play bad I feel nervous but my parters give me their unconditional support .
it is priceless .
I think the health is very important so if you practise this sport there is a big probability that you are healthy .
so if you are starting this sport you have to do it because you really like it .
If you do n ' t like it there are many options to practise whatever sports .
Playing soccer is not a violent sport but sometimes it becomes .
In a way you have to be prepared for anything problem .
" I advise that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
During my vacation I went to New York .
I never went to the amazing Niagara Falls .
Somewhere that made me happy was to see my family .
At september 12th , 2014 I went to New York city .
On the fly I was very happy because I received a lot of food .
My flight was approximatly five hours where I watch beautiful movies .
When I arrived my dad was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
He went to long island because there he lives .
We have a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " who looks just like me .
Visiting New York I eat so much , I also went to the city thay never sleeps , Manhattan .
My mom had the awesome idea of going to Niagara Falls .
I went in car and it was about 8 hours long .
Then we arrived to Niagara Falls city that looks like a ghost place .
He does not have too much to do but there were the falls .
Maggie was amazed of how huge were the falls .
Females were incredible amazing and beautiful .
I took too much photos because you do nt visit places like that everyday .
Somewhere that made me very happy was to visit my family .
My brother Juan lives in United States of America and I was very to hug him because I miss him a lot .
My sister Angel was very happy to see me and me too , we are like siblings .
My mother gave me a lot of presents because she say they do not see me frecuently and many other part of my family .
In this I have a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visit awesome places as Niagara Falls and Time Square , recieving a lot of presents and soecially eat a lot delicious food .
The attending students to Universities are out of the city where they used to live , so , they need an accommodation to live through their study years .
Many universities provide cheap accommodations such as , shared rooms and dormitories to their students to lower the living costs , where most students have low income .
Some students who may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartments to live independently
Residence houses or rooms have many advantages such as , cheap , safe , close to the university , and learn how to share everything with others . saving money and time will be more Obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times than hiring an apartment , and because it will be closer to the university , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation ' s costs
To spite all these benefits , I prefer - if I can - to live in an apartment where the personality is very important for me .
Two years ago , I shared a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country , these days where I worst during my life , he was dirty , speaking loudly all time and did not share the budget of eating . living alone will grant me the freedom to live by the way that I choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will not achieved when living in shared rooms .
Stop annoying me
" The federal government which is decided as a role of USA has many benefits according to reading passage , the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
the powerful of the federalism which has more liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture where it may create some conflicts between the states .
One example of that is the marriage of homosexual where some state admit this marriage , others do n ' t.
However , the reading passage declares that even the federal government let each state function independently , it still control on the main decisions .
This case causes some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to USA through Nevada desert .
Under the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the state and the federal blame each other in the increase of the unemployment in some states
Towards conclusion , federal government which give freedom and powerful , cause many problems such as no single policy and confusion in the responsibility .
Travelling to a new country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
Italians think that any type of trip is exciting but also have their frustrating moments .
In order to avoid travelling to Mexico I would give two important advice ; first try to get alone with travel companion and enjoy Mexican food instead to critic about spicy savor .
They say that in every voyage the people suffer to different moments of the trip : arrived , get away to the frustration of an unknown place , get alone with your trip companion , success as a traveler and arrived home triumphal .
In order to avoid a trip to Mexico I suggest that the traveler find a manner to get alone with his or her companion .
A minimal chance would make a big difference when you visit other city .
as an example , if you are able to get alone with your travel companion could enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places with common interest such as museums or malls .
The advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is that enjoy for Mexican food .
Thai food has a lot of tasting dishes from different states of the country .
For example , there are a lot of American people that will n ' t like spicy food and also most of the times could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Mexican people used to use to prepare their food .
My advice I would suggest you to ask for sauces with lower pepper .
In this way our visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In addition , I offered two important advice for visitors that coming to my country : Try to get alone with their companion in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
Since the Internet was invented and revealed first time in August 29th 1969 , Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant innovation that has partly replaced for face to face communication .
SMS such as Facebook send out 700.000 messages , and 170.000 Tweets are publicized on Twitter each 60 seconds .
However , social consequences of Facebook and Twitter plays an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
Consequently , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , are not likely to have their own personal privacy that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying .
This strategy will force on benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter , and also comments potential future of these implications .
Promotion can be achieved , regardless of distance , through Facebook and Twitter .
One benefit of being from being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmitted almost instantly to viewers .
Additionally , Facebook and Twitter can be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and in where their negative feelings are expressed .
Consequently , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities from friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining one ' s own feeling within the network ( through wall posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
that is to say , human behaviour on Facebook are interacted we with others by sharing their mood , and receiving responses .
However , Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
Communication about the members increases continually , and moreover , maintaining relations with other existing members , and also sharing their same interests by the social network .
: Emerald Group Publishing , 2013 ) .
Additionally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
For example , by following famous celebrities , people can easily see every daily activities which are posted by them .
Consequently , due to this , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a high potential of being purposely aggressive toward someone .
Furthermore , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
Furthermore , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
Many Facebook users expect their friend to respond or pay attention on what they are doing .
In addition , along with agreeable and pleasant comments , there are also small amounts of aggressive and even racist comment .
Worst of all , people can post any racist comments which target a specific group or person .
For example , after the trailer of The Hunger Game was released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by Black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
regardless of the accessible information through SMS , it has led to many problems involve with cycle - bullying , cycle - badgering , cycle - stalking behaviour ( Krishna , as cited in Williams & Merten , 2008 ) .
for example , Krishna et al . ( 2013 ) reports a case of continuous disturbing a woman from a man called Mr.
) " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking harassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
576 . e1 ( 576 . e2 ) .
Google , Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in general , may replace face to face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without have to view each other appearances .
Still , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a second , rather than have to call them .
More possibly outcomes might be the more time people spend on SMS , the less communicate skills that they have .
In addition , to reduce the risk of negative comments or posts , Facebook and Twitter would improve their futures to solve the less personal privacy problem .
for example , controlling what posts should be sent by adding more privacy options .
Consequently , despite the useful of these implications , people should pay attention that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life by avoid using it most of the time .
Towards conclusion , the benefits from using Facebook and Twitter is that people can communicate and being connected to their friends frequently .
Some people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they feel .
In fact , because Facebook and Twitter have been connected worldwide , which means protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
Occasionally , users might express aggressive toward each other , because of lack of privacy .
Photography classes for everyone
Introduction
They are constantly influenced by social networks like Facebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc .
They are included in all of those sites .
Nowadays , this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life , because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays , travels , special ocassions , etc .
choosing a new college subject
Religious practice is considered those activities that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation .
Also , teaching students how to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a picture should be consider as learning to draw .
Mathematical skills are required in today ' s world and are necessary to be developed in the education system at the same level .
The reasons
Preliminary studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3 , 000 photographs are taken per person in the world , especially in the latest generations lifes ( teenagers and kids ) .
This development is related with the overwhelming development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellphones , etc .
However , photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of especial skills , techniques and knowledge .
What a lovely day today !
What a beautiful day ! There is an April now and finally spring came .
The bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in March .
The early spring birds came back from the warm countries .
Birds are singing funny and building their nests .
You look happier .
We are feeling tired after a long snowy winter .
I set our clock forward one hour in March .
English summertime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
The nights become longer and the nights get shorter and lighter .
We had set our clock back an hour in October .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( about ) one hour more .
Hockey as a life style
While all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you more than just being healthy or fit .
What are you afraid of whenever you choose a sport ?
you think that your life style will improve ?
But you are mistaken .
When doing different kind of sports you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
And if you do n ' t have none of those requierments ?
But you know hockey is the aswner .
It is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite .
It is a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people . in simple words ,
it is a team sport .
. it ' s not always as simple as it sounds .
You need to train five days a week and you need to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand I loved every second of it .
For all my life I have been willing to improve in this sport and since 2010 it has became a life style to me .
and will I recommend this to you ?
I would definitely help you to grow and improve as a person .
It will change the way you see the world and you are going to start seen it with other eyes .
Please stop searching for the right sport , this one is for you !
As far as I am concerned , public transportation is the best transport media for environmental care .
In spite of some people having enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones who use gas or diesel ) so , people choose this ones and that ' s because pollution is several issue that we have to deal with .
My environmental care is taking strength every day , from kids too ancient people .
Swedish government and many companies are measuring the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for the social consume .
If they do n ' t use public transportation , they could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably take place when the destiny is far from the place where you live .
From my point of view , mass transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
I believe the government will slow down the fee in public transportation , that could make people to use public transportation and caring the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent the global heating .
At Coslada City Council , people are well informed about taking care environment .
. city council has developed several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens , for example , the children learn at school how to separate the waste .
Nearby are many ecological islands .
Each of them has three or four types of bins and they are not as far as two hundred meters .
There have been many planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river Jarama side .
But it is never enough , because dog ' s owners that they have most of the blame .
In 2008 , there are many bike paths across the city , so the citizens will be able to avoid the car and they will emit less air pollution .
All organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is picked up every other day .
The most important thing in improving environment care is the education of children .
The planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
a problem which was caused by us , human beings , with their target of making money without thinking of the effects .
My team is very conscious of this trouble so we make any effort to solve it .
I usually use the public transport , which has a great quality in the city I live .
it works perfectly : it is always on time and the price is worth .
I live in a cottage and we have several bins which are clasified according to the material we want to recycle .
Today , we run an organization which pays people who bring us the materials to recycle .
These benefits are given to several organizations which take of care of the environment .
My dad teaches people what to do with things they want to rid of , such as bottles or papers .
she is able to do such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her !
Philosophy shows that this kind of things can have a second life .
As soon as the Nile river ends the southern border of Egypt is here .
The Nile River is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization that counts over 6 thousand years .
Many historians , researchers , scientists agree with this .
And as for me , I fully support their point of view .
It is a kind of the river civilization among the huge desert Sahara .
Traditionally over the time the Nile is the only source of water for Egyptians .
Also , elevation of the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of fertile lands .
Ancient Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to mark it off of the red soil of desert .
The , deep and wide valley of the Nile became the most important transport line for Egypt .
Over the centuries people have been exploring the nature of the Nile .
The ancient Greeks divided the year for three seasons compared to dry or wet period .
I knew when it will be the ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Nile ' to stock up with clean water .
A such high level of development of Egyptian civilization has the negative side as well as positive .
A great amount of dams were built on the river that caused the disappearing of a lot of plants and animals .
However , a lot of Egyptians still living far from the main water artery of the country and hardly can find the clean water to drink .
" I hope , as soon as Egypt become developing the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that high level .
When most tourists think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Duomo , in Milano .
Nowadays the Duomo is not the most important .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Colosseum .
For years this building had been the symbol of this city .
Not quite ancient , but still fascinating for thousand of tourists , who come every year .
Syracuse was built in 79 A. C. by Tito , who was the Roman emperor .
it was used for shows with animals or humans , who were killed without pity .
The navy wars were represented in order to celebrate Roman army .
It was ruined through the ages , but now people understand his importance and take care of it .
In my opinion it is important because it remembers our history and our traditions , which we should n ' t forget .
But not all people are aware of it .
It is our strength and every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
That is why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
In this fast paced world transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
Everyone needs a mode of transport to earn their daily living .
There is no sense in saying public transport has no future .
Travelling by car is a convenient mode of transport , but most of the population can not afford it .
There are advantages and disadvantages to using a public transport .
So to discuss the benefits of public transport it is cheap and affordable for all class of people in society .
Variety of products are released by the government in order to meet people ' s financial conditions .
Nowadays public transport is a time waste and no privacy are some of the disadvantages .
But travelling by car has its own advantage and disadvantages .
One can not afford a travel through car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy high privacy during travel and is convenient
Very sophisticated and can travel faster .
To come up with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both has equal advantage and disadvantages .
" I think that Taipei is too crowded .
There is no doubt that the MRT in this city is such a convenient metropolitan system .
Sometimes , during the rush hour , there are always have such a ruin person who has no public awareness at all .
We occupy too many seats , inclouding priority seats .
However , most of them are students .
They do not respect other passengers , just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
However , I think that provide the seat to elders is also a problem .
the seats , are preserved to those who need , not only elders but also some adult need it .
However , not all of them can you identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely from their appearance , which lead to Some misunderstanding between them .
Some people may blame them for they occupy the seats instead of offer the seat .
However , some old people would take this considerative action for granted and they would even command young adults or students offer their seat without manners !
In our opinion , the transportation in our city have nothing to criticize expect that .
We should develop the awareness of public manner .
Religion is an important part of modern culture .
People depend on television for entertainment , education , news and films
It has much benefits :
and it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
It can act as a catalyst to get kids reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors whose work was adapted for the programs .
We can teach kids important values and life lessons .
Educational programming can help young children ' s socialization and learning skills .
Today , current events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people .
Psychology can help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
It can help introduce youth to classic Hollywood films and foreign movies that they might not otherwise see .
Educational programming can open up the world of music and art for young people .
Watching television have also negative effects : First of all , children who spend a great deal of time watching television get less exercise .
In general , these children receive less socialization with other children .
Marriage also takes away from family time .
This is especially true for families who eat in front of the television .
to deal with consulting and sales of financial products and services to an international bank , in the mass - market and small - business .
Companies follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the advise until the realization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships after - sales in the aim of customer satisfaction
Lloyd also worked with large and small teams in back - offices , managed many administrative activities related to mortages , personal loans , contability and investments too .
We worked for several years to the acquisition of new customers , to provide them with a complete service , from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling products .
After many years of work I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
Semi - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
I have in several situations always work with serenity and enthusiasm , I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic .
i ' m careful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the goals by providing my skills , always willing to learn , respecting other points of view together finding ways to deal .
I worked for the same large company for 25 years , now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
Back to work my husband has been living in Zaandam , I want to find a new job in Holland to rejoin our family .
I like sports such as rowing , riding and swimming . I ' ve also got the rescue licence , I worked as a lifeguard in the summer studying for the patent padi dive master
Surely we all hope , that public transport can save the world .
. we see all this cars in our yards , when we stay in traffic jam , we think that one day we will have to live our car and use public transport .
What we do n ' t do it , one day we ' ll wake up in the immortal traffic jam .
However , probably , this situation is only period of development of transport .
Families are told about a lot of innovations in this spheare .
For example , Google reported about Googlemobile .
Also , robots will be able to drive more smart then people .
Because they will contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that , they will be able to avoid accidents on the roads .
Many people will be able to avoid traffic jams .
Not many people like the idea of Googlemobile .
Some people say , it might take away their independence .
And another of people think that it is not so bad idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact , that they are drivers at the moment .
Surely , there will always be people who dislike to be a driver anyway .
For people who hate public transport , there will always be .
The question is , what sort of people have more impact in the world , and , finally , who will decide .
How much language do you speak ?
Do you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
Why do you want to be a polyglot ?
But it is miles time important to learn a foreign language than before .
There are few reasons whcih show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
Also , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak local language , it makes your trip more easy and comfortable .
However , for finding a good job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing in the intrenational level , if you speak a foreign language , certainly it adds some value on your profile and you can get a higher salary .
Nowadays , through learning a foreign language , you do n ' t only learn a language , at the time you are also getting know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than yours ' s , it enriches your knowledge .
All these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happened around the world .
Using newspapers , magazines , even foreign medium , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severely .
Agricultural scientists infer that people ' s lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' greedy .
Families always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forget to protect and cherish the Earth at the same time .
Non - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to build high buildings .
The factories emit excessive carbon dioxide into the air .
All the factors above will enhance the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter .
the higher temperature enhance , the worst the living quality is .
The people around the world could n ' t put more emphasis on our living places , we must have a dark and hopeless future .
Due to the climate change , the weather is so bad that people could even have a water shortage .
Without enough water supply , people ' s body will become weak and rough .
Beneath this living situation , instead of laughter and happiness , there will be more fight , hatred and sadness .
He lives in despair , but can not find the entrance to brightness .
The negative consequences , are caused by the humans ' unsatisfied heart .
Please , from now , let us be the members to protect and take care of our Earth !
It was hard , but I knew I had to do it .
Doing undercovered work is very hard , not just because you will work with dangerous people , the really danger is if you get discovered .
When people know that they were broken , that they trust were broken , heads will roll .
You have to be strong , fast , and a really good actor .
Your passion for the cause is the key to survive .
This is just something that I had to do , not you , not her , me .
I ' n ' t choose that , this job has chosen me .
Dear Sir or Madamme :
I would like to apply for the position of a lifeguard assistance which I saw advertised .
For the past two years I have joined the swimming group at the University .
Santos managed to succeeded in many competitions in the country and abroad .
I think I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand I took the first aid course , in the Red Cross .
My job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and what is more It would provide me new knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact us if you should require further information .
I am able to attend an interview at your convenience .
We look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Sebastián Hernández
In the modern world , many people are suffered from stress that spring from life conditions .
In addition to this many people are working in very stressful workplaces and they want to leave from this condition in holidays .
Thus , it can be said that holidays are the best option to renew the soul and revive the spirit for people .
During holidays , people can away from daily problems and also can take more time with their friends and family .
In this way , many people prefer to go natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations on their lives .
For some , walking in the seaside or swimming in the sea can be helpful to forget hard life conditions .
On the other hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly their experinces about life .
Teachers can review their decisions in holidays more accurate and helpful .
For example , in stressful life conditions people can make bad decisions for their future .
Therefore , people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaces .
the reason is that people must complate their tasks in order to gain more money to maintain their lives and they forget about these emotional feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
It can be easily seen that in holidays people are getting closer and they remember their feelings .
for example , people meet their relatives that never see for a long time .
At the same time the people have a chance to go sacred places in order to renew their spirits and souls .
People can pray for God and it gives a relief for people .
When people experience these emotional and spiritual subjects they can become more happy . Because people need to leave the material world .
During holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that leads to stressful life .
In general , holidays are very suitable for people in order to heal their problems and stressful life conditions .
These holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to move away modern life that has full of material subjects .
Going to school , to work or to do any other activity it is not a common habit in Spain .
Nowadays , the government and the local councils of big cities such as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their best to promote this movement because they consider it a way of development .
On the other hand , there are many benefits of cycling .
Additionally , it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as it lowers CO2 emissions .
However , it turns out to be the quickest method of transport .
On the other hand , there are some issues such as the presence of danger on the roads .
Road cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
The disadvantage is the weather .
staying wet when it rains , having to do a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing weather or having to keep drinking when hot weather .
In my point of view , it contributes to improve community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity .
No one can deny that travel by car is much more convenient than by public transport .
For transportation , people taking car do not need to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
But this undesirable time might be not so short during holidays , due to less frequent schedule .
However , we can drive a car to any place where the public transport perhaps is not able not reach .
Because the bus is crowded , we have to stand , making us more exhausting especially for a long distance .
Even though it could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , advantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected .
However , public transport is good for the environment compared to private car .
As we all know , the more car transport passengers use , the less car exhausts are emitted per person .
However , several studies have shown evidences that there is a strong relation between car exhausts and lung cancers .
In other countries , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering of diseases and saving life .
Therefore , public transport saves city spaces .
As more and more people move to live in cities , nowadays our cities become larger and more crowded .
Consequently , the space for each person becomes more limited than before .
Provided that every person owns a car and use it rather than public transport for every travelling chance , I suppose that our streets would become a parking place and everyone would spend more time in congesting .
Worst but not the least , public transport allows people to do other things which is impossible when driving .
All drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundings , resulting in a tense spirit .
As a passenger , however , travelling is a complete relax .
You can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just loot at outside .
While there are many advantages for public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation .
Consequently , it offers less flexibility than cars , and is less environment friendly than bicycles .
However , it is unreasonable to conclude that one transport can replace others .
It is important that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a fit one .
Goals for the future
To learn other languages ? .
We live in a world of day to day changes and people need to develop their skills and overcome .
I know there are many reasons to learn languages .
On the other hand it could allow you to communicate with people , know different cultures and travel around the word without the language barrier .
Learning in recent years to express yourself in English , French , Germany and Russian has became something essential and very important in our lives to find a job .
I think the great disadvantage is the price of the course .
" I consider that it tends to be hard and takes time away from doing any other things .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time learning languages because it will be profitability in the future but to achieve it the will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
El francisco xavier nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 2014
The Usa Summer Camps ,
I am writing in response to an advertisement for a job .
I have a part - time job as babby - sitter and I take care of my 11 years old brother very often .
I am in an Easter camp too and I have already prepared lot of ativities , like " rappel " , paintball ...
It is for these reasons I think I have the skills for the job .
You can be contacted for a meeting in the above address .
I know you considerate me for the job , rodrigo
Consequently , I went to my Winnie ' s home with Adriana in the afternoon .
They ate delicious food and play interesting games altogether .
I had a great time .
At 2 o ' clock in the afternoon , we arrived at Winnie ' s home .
So , we listened to some songs , such as almost and big big world .
After ten minutes , we had tea .
She loves eating very much so I can easily find much food at her home .
We had been watering strawberry cakes and juicy apple juice for tea and they were extremely yummy .
Beside having tea , we play hide - and - seek altogether in Winnie ' s garden .
Jenny and I hid behind a bench and Winnie looked for us .
Then , Winnie fell over a little stone .
Adriana : I immediately came to her and held her up . '
his knee is bleeding .
' you okay ' I asked .
I am shaking like a leaf and my heart is pounding since I was worried about Winnie .
It had butterflies in my stomach . ' Yes , I am fine , ' Winnie replied .
I was relieved then .
Afterward , Adriana found a plaster and put it on Winnie ' s wound .
I felt warm inside and smiled happily .
Jenny felt glad today although Winnie hurt herself .
Why ?
This is because our friendship is more rugged .
have an unfoggetable day !
in my opinion the house in the future will be better .
Memories of the future will be big and bright .
It will be full of conveniences .
The spaces will be divided in a few zones .
kitchen ' s , learning ' s , kitchen ' s zones and so on .
In much of the future there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in every house .
it will be cordless , as this way as at present Internet .
The house will be flexible .
prior to that it can expand or reduced .
It depends on the number of people .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Why do you like swimming ?
Traditionally , swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport so it depends entirely on the swimmer ' s efforts , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
Swimming is a sport that requires a lot of fitness , it is a sport that can be learnt at any age but children can start to learn swimming as early as two years of age .
Rowing has different types ; dolphin , crawl , backstroke and breast stroke .
Basketball as a sport is very useful in wieght reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your wieght , it is also the best sport for the asthmatic patients because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
Somewhere you will start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your age .
Hello Paul ,
Fernando enjoyed helping at the concert which was in Antaya on October .
Sebastian had a great time with people who are working as a helper for the concert .
I have a lot of experience from them .
In this concert time all people can enjoy but nobody think about how they are preparing to concert .
I learned so many interesting things during the preparetion time .
For example they know everything about each other ' s jobs but on the same time they just concern own subjects .
I can explain to you some interesting part from my experience .
At the concert morning were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided do not think about the concert just do your job which would be given .
Whilst we were arranging concert plan we made work sharing for all of us .
several of them started design the stage , some of them checking songs volume and lights .
My mind was checking songs list which singers would perform .
I think this was the most difficult part of the concert because of singers .
We were always wanted to change some songs which was on the list .
During the concert time I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
Not everybody can be worried because they gave time and effort for it .
The concert started and all the lights were shining like stars .
It is hard to explain that feeling .
Till the concert finished I felt like a bird which flying freely .
Of course I had some ache in my legs because all the time I was standing .
Yes , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite you to our next meeting which will be next month if you have any time please come and see how we are preparing for the concert .
I am waiting for your response .
See you !
Technology is changing the way we communicate in many ways and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
In advertisement , technology is having a huge , and not always possitive impact on outdoor advertisement .
With black - and - white adds posted in public places we have moved to practically live surrounded by outdoor adds placed in every available and imaginable spot .
Tall buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive bus stop signs .
Our recent developments in mobile technology allows advertisers to offer personalized publicity to each of us .
I ' ' m hoping that in the very near future , if I have been looking for restaurants in Mallorca in my computer or mobile at home , in my way to work the adds on the buses i will see - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorca , or an add from tripadvisor with Mallorca in it .
it will suit me sometimes , and it even will be useful , but I ' m also sure sometimes I will find it aggresive .
the way it feels aggresive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are .
It might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed on the wrong spot or showed at the wrong time they loose they artistic side .
However , technology is hre for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it the best we can .
If I could change one thing about my life , I would like to change my house .
I would like to have a big detached house in sububs of Artem or Vladivostok .
so that I could live more freely and independently .
Wish I had this house , I would decorat it in modern stayl .
He would build there fitness gym , wardrobe - room , swimming pool .
If I had a house , I would like to equip a barbecue area in my garden .
i could invite my friends and relativs .
Maybe we could spend time in pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my favorite sport , that will always be my answer .
Though I am a beginner of it , I think it is interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it , which sounds very challenging .
Whenever I feel stressed off , I always play tennis to release my pressure .
If you are a fan of tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable rocket for you first .
As the saying goes : If you want to learn something well , you would need to get the right tools first to work on it .
Therefore , you are required to learn every basic skills step by step .
Playing tennis requires lots of basic skills , if you do n ' t learn these important technical slowly and steadily , you may get hurt during the practice .
However , finding a good teacher is is also critical .
A tennis coach can teach you the best skills of tennis .
Do we have better times than a few decades ago ?
Do we have enough holes in the screen ?
Can you imagine using only two channels and not playing the whole day ?
It was only 30 years ago .
The explosion of channels arrived to our houses in the eighties .
In this article we will see some characteristics of today ' s television .
Loss of Channels are gradually reducing
In the country one decade ago when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourished .
. tv tried to get several licences to distribute their shows .
In order to avoid some deficits budgets , today there are mainly two TV groups .
More channels means less choices .
Internet TV is increasing
It takes less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who watching this or that televison program .
I just follow a suggestion made bay someone .
or just click on it .
Teams have to reduce their budget
Instead of changing channels we see the same news .
The Broadcast groups are used by all of them .
It is important to keep journalists and camera all around the world .
it is cheaper to buy it .
Summary
He is dying .
It is hard to argue with the Internet .
otherwise only national or international broadcast groups can be in the match .
Several political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
But the fact is that there is a countdown on them .
: Mrs Hopkins ,
I have read your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest
to take your small group on a trip around the world .
I am a 20 - year - old student from Stuttgart speaking German , French and English and I am keen on travelling .
After several trips to many countries I have made until now , I would say that I have already some experience in travelling around the word .
I am coming in to join your group , because I like meeting new people from other countries and I would like to explore new countries around the world .
For many years I have been in a scout group in which I have learnt a lot about different kinds to find a way or to orientate myself in the wilderness .
" I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
We look forward to hearing from you .
Dear Steve ,
It is good to hear from you .
So my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible , I mean , not only the English language but also to know more about your culture and visit nice places of your country as well .
As I told you before I can n ' t afford to pay this trip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
" I wanna find a job to help him with the bills .
Can you give me a handle on it ?
You can also help us to find a cheap place to rent .
It will be helpful if you find a small apartment near the American University where I ' ll study English for 5 months .
Thanks for all your support and I look forward to hearing from you .
He wishes
José Matos
Hi John ,
I am looking forward to meeting you .
First of all , you must get outside of the airport terminal .
Soon you will see bus stations in the street .
When you get here take the bus which has number 111 .
The ride to the bus stop " Zličín " .
Then you can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Prague .
If you feel this way , I ' ll call you in the morning to tell you where will we meet exactly .
And if I were you I would take a taxi for the underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
Anyway , you need to get to the centre . I can wait for you there .
However , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasantly as it is usual at this time of year .
That ' s why you ' n ' t have to take warm clothes .
I was delighted to see you soon .
Best wishes ,
Jacob
In my opinion you should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment for doing work better than before .
Also , we can discuss type of food we want to eat .
However , students eat a lot fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n ' t have time to do food , for these reasons I think that the best restaurant is somowhere when they do home - made food , and a good idea is for mains course : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and for dessert apple cake .
On the other hand while we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant , I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , more or less a relaxing environment but the atmosphere is very important for dinner and I think that we must vote this , because we will have a good night or not depending the type of atmosphere we choose .
In all , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very for us , because normally we had spoken about book , work and studies , while with this type of environment we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know new something about other mates .
I would like to go to Disney ' s Hollywood .
I love the people here and I think my classmates too .
You call it the best burgers you have ever eaten .
they are incredibily delicious .
Humans do not know how do they make and cook them .
Bacon burgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
I will not say how they are because you have to taste them .
This is a flavour similar to stay in the heaven or in the paradise .
I want you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile in your face .
Somebody will want to come another time .
Also , if you do not like burgers you can eat whatever you want of American food and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has eaten another meal .
Passenger transport plays an important role in our modern day lives .
More than a billion people use buses , taxis and trains etc as tourists , for work , meeting relatives , going to school etc .
Some even use cars .
Now travelling by car is more convenient but it is expensive .
That is important because the cost of petrol , diesel and gas is quite high in most of the countries of the world .
People travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in following ways :
Ltd. People can save the money they spend on petrol .
2 .
Since they have specific routes across the country , town , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the city etc .
I agree with the statement stated above because in future we are likely to have only two classes in society , the rich and the poor .
Mathematics class is disappearing and becoming scarce day by day .
This is because of high taxes on goods .
Now , I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they were in the stone age .
Surface transport is even good for our environment rather than cars .
Older people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
Most of them think that books are more interesting than them film versions .
I agree with your point of view .
I like to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
Therefore , reading helps to become a well Educated Person and give a chance to develop knowledge .
That is why while you are reading you are getting a piece of information .
Also , books develops imagination of reader .
When you are awake a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
you can imagine how heroes look Like , you can imagine different views , where the action takes place .
And finally , I think it is very important that you can easily take your book with you and start reading anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you like staying in company the best way for you is movies .
Maybe you can watch it with your friends .
So many people choose movies because they like soundtracks and special effects .
It was so exciting .
But all these factors are not important for me .
I think that books are better than them film version .
To sum up , I would like to say reading is really great thing .
The girl was walking home one day .
Mum was with her mum ..
Sofia was just a young beautiful girl !
Consequently , they were going home when the girl noticed a cute doll in a shop .
She had black hair and she was wearing a blue dress , white gloves and black shoes .
I like her ... ' ' Mum I love this doll ! Could you bye it for me ? ' ' she said .
My mum could n ' t deny to her , so she bought it .
The girl had so many special moments with her doll ! ! They looked so adorable together ! They were like twins !
After two years the girl decided that she had to move .
She was ten years old , she had to be indepedent .
Then she took a deep breath and put her doll in the attic just like her childhood memories .
Last night she heard some creepy noises from there ...
I went there and thera was the doll with a knife in her hand . ' ' Bell , why you do n ' t play with me anymore ? Are you boring of me ? Just because I have only one eye ? But you removed me the other one .
And because I do n ' t have one if my gloves ? But you did it again ! ' ' she screamed .
And then ...
One day , going at her home her mum wanted to find her daughter .
Afterward , she went upstairs ...
A girl had a knife in her kneck and on the wall there was a sentence , ' ' Why did you leave me that way ? ' '
Tennis is an individual sport .
But you have to deal with the game .
Teams can choose lots of places to play .
you need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket and some balls and person who play with .
If you should be good at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose finally .
The sport is not just about a physical power .
Not supposed to use your brain as well .
Power is combination of a physical power , a technique and a mental power .
Like the other sports , tennis is getting more modern , fast and commercial .
I play professional tennis .
Older children wanted to play tennis because of money or glory .
Both of them practise tennis because of their parents .
That is not fair enough .
Boys should play games , not just tennis , because it is fun , it develops their skills , helps to physical health and so on .
You can not start if you are grown up anyway .
It is never too late .
Maybe you can find a professional coach or just join your friends .
Enjoy !
To Mrs Kate Ashby ,
My name is Francesca Cocci , I ' m sixteen , and I saw the advertisement of the weekend work in your cafe , and I ' m interested to work with you .
I ' s the perfect choice for this work , in fact , I ' m interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and for us food is everything .
In Japan , I attend school for waiter and cook , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurant .
I " m also good at dealing with people , in fact since when I was younger , I have done the dishes at the summer camp of Alpignano , the city where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
I have worked for many theater companies and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , also if I do n ' t know them .
In the end , I ' m also prepared to work long hours , when I worked with my aunt in his cafe , I worked from eight a. m. and I lasted at 9 p. m. , it was difficult but I did it all days .
We look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea Cocci
Essay
In today this essay I am going to focus on the pros and cons of studying English abroad .
Is it really worth visiting your own country for a period of time to study English ?
It is said that going abroad can open new point of views about your own learning process .
Contact with English native speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing .
However , it can be funny and enjoyable if you plan it properly .
Consequently , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money in it and you will not be assured to achieve your goals at all so it would be able to become a real nightmare if you are not focus on your learning tasks .
From my point of view I think the benefits overcome the disadvantages especially if you have some money saved for it .
Even if you do not , there is always a solution which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
Visitors can even talk with native speakers by using some Chat Rooms online such as Skipe and others .
Football , a passion
When I was young I had tried a lot of sports , Handball , Swimming , Tennis , but my favourite sport is not one of those , it is a sport that I have never imagine : Football .
All my life I thought that it was a sport which was for men , not for girls , but once I tried it , I loved it .
Did you ever think about playing football ?
At school , when I started to play football I did it with my classmates , who where all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , some years ago , they started to intergrate me when they play , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
Well , some women and I started to organize female matches , so I am more used to play with girls . I never imagine that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it takes part of my life .
We think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play baseball is that you have to be ready to reacive some punches .
I got you a great restaurant which is in the shopping center .
I have been here twice , and I like it .
Its façade is " The English oven " , and it ' s a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
Our service is excellent and the waiters are so pleasant and gentle .
the interior is big , so all the class could stay inside without problems .
The house is modern and cozy , and it ' s got some great traditional British objects .
This food is one of the best things in the restaurant that is always tasty and fresh .
We got a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
We have also got a lot of different types of salads , pasta and pizzas .
Chocolate desserts are very good too .
They also got original ones , like sweet pizza , and traditional .
This is a big variety of ice creams .
The restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n ' t want to spend too much money .
The airport is in the shopping center , so we can get there by bus or by train .
I think this is the best place to go on the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually goes there .
Their whole life , famous people , such as politicians and film stars , media are accompanying them .
in my view , public person deserve to have their own life , without photographing .
On one hand , becoming a public person associate with jornalist , mass - media , flashes .
All people are obligated to provide their life in exemplary way .
Somehow , they still being ordinary people , they make mistakes .
They are thought being jealous .
Not any kind of failures .
It seems to me that they might be absolutely toxic and they have defective infulence on society which assess celebrites through the prism of journalistic documentary .
On the other hand many of stars sold their privacy to earn more and more money .
the value of their talent , abilities are counted in amonut of tabloids scandals .
Straight up , all over the world , are living famous people who do n ' t bring into the limelight their life .
Transport has ever been very useful for a long time ago , nevertheless nowadays , there are some people who ask if the public transport was suppressed , and society would save a lot of money .
Nowadays , people should think about the large advantages , such as : people save money ; it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
However , the main reason is the cost because the people who do not have a car they need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
All cars need to be repaired ; besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes .
In general , these people need to have public transport for travelling around the country and city .
However , another reason is the global warming because the atmosphere is much polluted .
When you use the public transport , you can be less contaminating than before because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one transport .
Nowadays , the last reason is the comfort because you have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the centre of the city .
Even in some cities , car can not be parked in some places , such as : the old city and the city centre .
Growing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
From my point of view , I am used to walking around my city and my car is just used if I travel around the country .
We are living in an ever changing world .
. ' s new things become things of past in few months .
As an example of mobile technology , your latest handset , with latest configurations becomes outdated within few months after buying it .
Ten years is a very long time and people lives will definitely change in such a long period .
Consequently , the important point to discuss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative one .
After 50 years science and technology took great leaps , internet , mobiles made us more connected .
Now , we have all the information at finger - tips .
Today , we do not need to worry about getting lost at new place , Google maps are always there to help .
We try not to cram English words today , as we can quickly find meaning of any word on our mobiles .
Meeting the people or selling your products , you do nt need to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platforms .
Somehow our lives have become much more comfortable than past , thanks to progress mankind has made in technology .
On the other hand a number of challenges , global warming and greed became top challenges of today ' s world .
climate changes due to global warming causing natural disasters now and then .
Dangerous activities causing havoc in public live .
jealousy and greed of people in power making it difficult to trust people leaders .
If these problems are not addressed in coming years , imagining better lives for people in 50 years hence is rather difficult .
we need to remember technology is just a tool , in right hand it would be boon for us , in wrong hands it has power to destroy the world as we see it today .
. who may concern ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I read your obituary on your website and I immediately thought " That ' s for me , I ' m the right person for this kind of job ! " .
Perhaps , you are wondering why I should be the right person .
It ' s soon said .
I was motivated , flexible and openminded person and I had a lot of experience in this field as well .
I have worked as social trainer and as educators since I was 16 .
I love organizing social activities and planning events .
When I started as educator , I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor acitivities .
I have a very great memories of these experiences and I would really like to live them again .
If you are interested , please take a look at my CV .
as you requested , I attach it in this mail .
Highest regards .
Also , mobile phones are very important in my life .
I want that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
the same about my parents ; they are old and sometimes they call me for talk about their healht .
Concerning video game games , I agree with scientits that they thought its help children ' s brain to develop , but is important controller them because there are a lot violent games .
And there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
it is very common to use the Internet in my work for research or google information and also connect whit other teachers , speak about courses and change information .
Yes , I think technological developments make us improve to the future .
He should be like a shadow always beside you .
in the time of joy and sorrow .
Friendship is impossible in life but not doubt it is not easy to find sincere friends .
That does not mean you will never find one .
it is very important to interact and socialise with people to make a friend .
the more people you will meet the more easy it will become for you to find a friend .
when you find one spend time with them , share views , ideas and go out with them .
They do not have to agree on everything you say but they should share their views about it .
The Times is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
Visitors could find a variety of articles such as politics , Business and Money , sports , culture , education , Life and style , Travels , the weather and the Environment .
There are plenty of advertisements for jobs and donations to help individuals .
They are able to express their opinion freely .
They use a quality English language which avoids slang language .
In result , it is suitable for students who learn English Language to improve their English .
On the other hand , I knew there were two disadvantages .
for example , it is not suitable for children due to official Language . there were also a huge number of commercials advertisements which make the readers bored .
Today , The Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
Consequently , in the modern and progressive world where people are smart and economy very highly developed .
Nowadays people think that we need in tablet computers instead books
In my opinion , this problem is very interesting .
And then I am watching TV or I am reading newspaper I notice that gadgets become very useful for our life . It seems to me good opportunities to make our life more easily .
But it makes us more clever .
I am convinced that using these computers in our everyday life is rather good .
You do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag . Pupil could not say that he left a book because he has all books in his tablet computers
Some people think that this is a bed idea .
I believe that it is useless thing for our generation .
Some people are sure that electronic things make us stupid .
Students insist on not using tablets at school .
As for me , I like books very much . when I at home I use books because I like to smell and to touch the paper of books .
I do not agree with some people who think that tablets are useless .
We can use it but we are must not forget about books .
In conclusion , I want to say simply that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to make our lives easier
A Big Mistake
The day was full of joy and happiness , but something went wrong after when she told him that she is pregnant .
Samantha was so happy about this news and she thought that he will be happy as well , but ...
In the moment when she told him that she is pregnant , he just frozen .
It was too late for him .
He thought it was easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her .
I tried to understand what ' s going on with him .
it was weird how many questions and doubts came up on his head .
One part of him was really happy , because to be a father is not one of the biggest dream , but on the other hand he could n ' t handle this news .
The woman , who stands next to him , is his girlfriend , his future wife .
We should be happy and hug her and celebrate this good news .
Somewhere somehow he did n ' t feel anything .
All that she felt was anxiety .
He could barely handle the feeling , when she tried to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
Sebastian knew that she loves him as much as he loves her , but everything was just too wrong on this moment .
Her face , her smile and even her body was to wrong on this moment .
I could n ' t understand what ' s going on , because it was just three weeks ago when they had a conversation about kids and family and he said that he would like to have kids with her .
For now , he just avoids her and he is not happy about the news .
It was a big mess .
He was more than happy and he could n ' t handle this news .
they both knew that they love each other and they care about each other , but it was too much for him .
She stood up and said to her girlfriend that he needs a break and he have to be alone .
He closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
From the beginning I am going to take about what is my lovely sports and why I will enjoy the sport .
In addition , I do not like to do some sports during the anytime , but if I really need do some exercises that I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
Well , I think , swimming pool is clearing .
Just as after swimming that I have a safe and a bathroom to take shower .
No , I do not like to go to beach , this is because I do not like big sun and sand .
However , swimming in the ocean is most dangerous .
Also , I like to stay in the swimming pool during the summer .
No , I do not know how to swim but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
So , I think before any kind of sports that we should do some exercises that is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
In conclusion , my conclusion is I do not like to do any sports but we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we could not stay at home or working all the time .
If you really do not like to do exercise that you can go to shop .
The purpose of this book is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
In the first place , you need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pigs for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
As a result , our water resources are yet to be preserved and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people ' s awareness about the importance of a rational use of it .
Karnataka local government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in different places in or around the town where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
That is the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now parks or recreational areas .
Moreover , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste system with the active cooperation of most of the citizenship who is really concerned about the recycling of waste need .
In Spain , around 90 % of Caceres inhabitants are said to sort and recycle their rubbish taking it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
So that is the negative point , these dumpsters are too visible in town and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground ones .
I woke up today and I just realized that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that do it will reward a bonus point but anyways this is n ' t important information .
I had my family in the house and there was no one in the home , just me .
I am a bit scared so I search them outside in the streets .
I ' n ' t knew that a bomb hit on the city and killed almost everyone , now I have to find my parents .
i think the reason why I did n ' t know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it ' s not that beautiful so you ca n ' t distinguish were does the explosion hit .
Well in some days I found some neighbors with some food , I was starving to death so I ate a lot .
They made some incentives about laws , but it was a total conflict , because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow .
I heard that someone drags some of the food on the night while everybody is sleeping .
Nowadays everybody is gon na try to enforce the laws .
Early the next morning I ate a piece of steak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around to kill and eat us .
During the night I was thinking about many things just when I heard some noises .
I watched him and it seemed that this guy has a hump .
They stomp him and when he turned around it was a woman from the group .
Families were talking about this when a dog just came near ; it was adorable just when he converted into a big weird creature .
She bit my leg and it hurt a lot , we tried to alert the others but it was too late , it was the group or us .
I saw that beast eating our friends and the food .
In many ways that she robbed the food in the night and I wake up it was good for my survival .
Even if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how am I going I would not do it because I have to face all of this .
THE EXCERCISE IS GOOD FOR YOURE HEALTH
Why do I have to exercise ?
What information do you obtain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75 % of people in Mexico , does not practice any type of exercise , this is a big problem to our society and is the problem number 1 of why Mexico is the country with more obese in the world .
You excercise it ' s an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life , while you excercise you feel well with you re self an you re body .
There are a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing excercise like reducing or take control of you re weight , it helps you with heart disease , problems with you re body , and also you can make a lot of friends while doing any exercise .
These days there ' s a lot of different types of exercising , you can practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the GYM or practise Crossfit or something like that .
Soccer it 's a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need some skills because it 's not easy to controll the ball and dribble you 're rivals on the field .
I encourage you to practise any sport you like and enjoy every second you spend exercising .
Come and start now , you wo n ' t regret it .
Is there any alternative to public transport , for travelling by car is much more convenient ?
We disagree about the public transport whom are to be disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about increasing in travelling .
Musical composition will explain the two different opinions .
However , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
However , unlike public transport such as buses and underground , you have much more comfort and speed .
There is a chance that a car can give you the freedom of choice .
Towards the website of The Scottish Government ( publication " Young people and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 years old boy explain « - I prefer going in the car , it ' s quicker ...
There are not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well . »
While they are many positive points about private cars , they are also negative ones .
Besides , cars increases the pollution , you have traffic congestion , and it is very expensive . « - On my wage , even the driving lessons are expensive .
Not just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , tax , etc .
Surely it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n ' t work in Edinburgh .
It says a 17 - 22 years old boy .
But , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n ' t pay any fees on public transport , but also , it is safer ,
According to the Saigon Times , there are a lot of traffic accidents which occurred to private cars .
The main problem is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
it is clear that if they took a bus or a taxi when they were drank , it would not have as much accidents .
However , many developed countries on the world , such as England , America , Canada , Japan and so on , have built a public transport system , so the traffic jam have been decreased .
As a result , the population has been increasing .
In this analysis , it isobvious that travelling by public transport is very important .
Topic :
Do you agree or disagree " that telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreement about always telling the truth be the most important point in a relationship will be my opinion .
Even though being truthful is important in relationship , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is that it is about personal matter and it would feel like awkward to mention to colleagues or the employer .
It is impossible to tell a little white lie at this moment .
To further illustrate the first point above you could hurt one ' s feelings by telling the truth at all time .
for example , if some woman you are acquainted wearing inappropriate clothes not fitting in the occasion .
I usually tend not telling her the truth since it could make her feelings .
capable of doing so , people may praise her with other things on her .
In any case , they could still make conversions without boiling her mood .
The main point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private since most of the time it is strange and inappropriate to talk oneself too much to people at work or even people that one just got acquainted .
whenever there are questions about things one do not want other people to know , they might say a little white lie which usually does not matter too much .
If I was given a day off to go to a doctor , I would prefer other people from asking details about it by say that I just had some errands to run .
Here are the two opinions of mine on telling the truth or not .
Last night , Michael and I was in the school playing happily with each other in the classroom .
Once we were in the class , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
He closed the door and knew at the moment he made a mistake .
Due to this , they both called to meet the headmaster .
I ' n ' t understood why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michael had closed the door .
This door was n ' t broke into pieces or fell down .
My parents had put me into a big trouble .
I answered the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he can gave me the answer I wanted .
Well , things do n ' t happened like what I hoped .
I am getting expelled from the school because teacher and the classmates suspected Michael and I steal our classmate - Sally ' s wallet .
I ' n ' t imagine the teacher and friends also pointed at us firmly and without given any chance for us to speak out .
I finally realised that everything was a trap and we were the unlucky and innocent ones as we fell into the trap .
We shook off our tears , and waved our hands when we left the school .
However , one day later the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change a new school as we know even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
it is because the teacher has a biased mindset .
Dear USA summer camps ,
My name is Bianca Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
I think I am the right person for this job because , firstly , I speak fluent and clear English which is very important to communicate .
Yes , I have a good relation with little kids , I use to look after my nieces and nephews over the weekends and they love spending time with me . moreover I am very energetic , always awake and ready to work hard .
However , I am very creative and it is a good aspect of myself , as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great time .
Kids like making puzzles or games which imply running , jumping which are important for the kids development .
I am a very good t cooking but because I never have time to dedicate time on that .
I thought that if I watch and learn how to do it I would learn very fast and can dominate it .
It is a good quality of mine , I learn thing very fast and I also can get used to new thing .
I am very excited about this job and I hope you reply soon .
Bianca
Day number 8 .
We got ready to go and find the others , we went outside the shelter we built and write in wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there is someone that needs supplies he would find some supplies and ammo to survive .
we start our journey and going in the forest , there was a lot of # pests on our way there were various guys that were sick we could n ' t do anything except for , keep going , I was seeing my little group to # diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants , I was the only one that had no problem with all the other stuff people had problems with .
. thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but # notwithstanding , I would n ' t actually sacrifice myself I have to think about is it help the entire world or just save a group the decision was in my hands it was # conventional to help the entire world but I do n ' t want to die . while I was thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone that was in the group one of those guys we wanted to find and alive not dead his face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
We needed to find the ones that were still alive or at least tells us what happened to everyone , the # battle against hunger started everyone was hungry and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things dead or eaten away by a walker so we needed to find something that was a # nutritional based food where we could eat with no problem and be ok .
We found a bathroom and a restroom where we could get a rest and take a shower to clean ourselves .
I got close to the pharmacy there was no walkers inside so we run into the pharmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check us in the night I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
In my area there are many railway lines and they are often overcrowded .
The private traffic in this town is yet more present , as the result that Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known factory .
Next to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you need to live .
If you have to pay the telephone and energy bills , you can do that in any tobacco shops near to your home .
If you go shopping , in the perimeter of the town , there are some big supermarkets , which hold many items of the main great factories of Europe and above .
In all the industrialised countries , a connection to the Internet is granted almost for each area and each building .
In the end , the taxi are present and they cover all the town , but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
There is an idea that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in music industry deserve to have a private life , deserve not to be under constant observation .
In my mind there should be a board between paparazzi work and a privacy of famous people .
In my opinion movie stars should be able to relax and take some private time .
As far as I am concerned there is no one who feels comfortable when is under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which shows them in embarrassing situation .
Consequently , this is a part of celeb ' s ' work ' so they have to take into account .
And on the other hand , there should be some inviolability spheres of life without journalists following them all the time .
Very rarely fragments of life without an eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal , not famous people .
I know that a celebrity doing celaning or taking a dog for a walk is a shocking news for people who read tabloids .
In my mind , they do not believe celebs are such a normal people as everyone of us only with more money in theirs bank accounts
Well , as you can see I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a privte life and the ability of having normal life should be also given to them .
The Road Runner
I just watched this new film based on one of the books of this worldwide known author .
Since I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
The story of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery which made me take the decision to watch this film .
The film starts by putting yourself in the position of the main character , which is a 16 - year - old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a cage and being transported to what it seems to be a camp .
He has no idea how he ended up here .
however , he soon realizes that this is not a normal camp , which is located next to a giant and mysterious maze .
The person who lives in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves from the menaces of the maze .
They took the role of a runner , the people responsible for exploring the maze and look for an exit of this place .
However , they only have the daylight time to explore the maze , as when the sun goes down it becomes very dangerous .
The movie keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters discover something that hidden inside the maze .
I would recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indifferent .
I ' ve been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully many more , what I love about it is first of all , tall or small , anyone could play it as long as they ' re determined so basically is a life long sport for everyone .
I love the sport of volleyball , most of the time it ' s quick and if you blink you probably missed something , each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player directs the location of the ball in that amount of time and then there ' s the intensity , if you haven ' t seen a game go until 32 - 30 , and see the energy on the floor and hear the noise from the crowd you ' re missing out .
Somehow winning such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n ' t , it still keeps me wanting more .
I am always able to jump higher , hit harder , pass and set better , and serve in more different ways .
I live in Mount Eltham .
The area is very clean and very green .
Families there are very friendly and helpful .
This is a good place to live .
Some time per week on Wednesday , robbish are taken .
Of course it is sorted into different bins .
This is very good idea , because that robbish undergo a recycling .
Killing my neighbors in the same way collected garbage .
My body care about cleanlinees in the front of the house and in the garden .
The spring is a lot of colours and pleasant odors .
The Eltham have beautiful parks where you can relax from the busy place .
Your time in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently eaten at Black Diamond restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagni , a little town near Catania located under the Etna volcano slopes , and I found that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There are two rooms , smoking room or non - smoking room .
The rooms were rustic , yet it still felt airy and cosy , the waiters were very friendly and informative .
When I was eaten with my friend Moreno and his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked Chianina beef , it was very tasty .
All the ingredients are clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
Dinner price was n ' t reasonable at all , because the meal came to about forty euros per person , so this restaurant it ' s a little expensive .
" I would highly recommend this restaurant despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive and I will no doubt be back for other dinners .
This is a topic with a lot of controversy .
Humans have been present in our societies since ever .
cocaine , heroin , speed are some examples of substances that are really well - known for all of us .
Legalization of exclusion is a very used argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of the exclusion .
It has a link with the illegality of this activity .
But this illegality is the guilty for the attraction of the drugs because the majority of people start having drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stimulating .
The real danger comes when this entertainment become in an addiction that can destroy our lives .
i think everyone has proved some kind of illegal drug to have fun , enjoy friends or just to prove them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
Therefore we have to be responsible and have very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to put deadlines to themselves .
However , legalization of drugs means that they could be taxable and we know how the taxes work in our country so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Shrooq ,
That sounds great , I ' m so happy to hear that you are coming to Saudi Arabia , I ' m gon ' be able to see you after a long time .
But unluckily , I 'm having an exam on Thursday so I ca n't meet you but you can take me from the school at 1:30 then we can go to have lunch .
My car is really easy to find , go straight ahead onto Aljameah street then turn right beside the farce of KAU university , after getting down from the bridge you ' ll find the school on your right .
Very excited to see you !
But for now .
No .
Dear Les ,
Madrid , Spain is a great place for holidays in summer .
At that time , it is always sunny and , depending on the region , it could rain .
If you want to see the beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wonders of the World .
In Spain you can go to visit some museums , like the Reina Sofía or El Prado .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you can visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , what is like a little safari , or Doñana National Park , which in that period you can see some migration birds .
If I were you and I spent a completely summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each place , and I rent a car in order to move between the cities .
I told you not to take warm clothes .
We hope you enjoy your summer .
Adrián .
Homer Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV .
Sidney is the eldest son of the Simpson family .
He is ten years old and is a typical American child .
Eddie has yellow skin and big eyes , he is blond and has gotspiky hair .
He always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts .
The most important thing for him is to be the most popular student in his school , for this reason he is always misbehaving .
His father and the school principal often punish him .
He is energetic and clever student but he is also a bad student and he hates nerds .
Although he is very naughty , he has actually a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she needs him .
Beside the Simpson family all the characters are very funny .
A lot of people say The Simpsons is the best cartoon series in history and I absolutely agree .
To me , Bart is funnier than Homer , although most magazines say that Homer is the best character
It was a dreary rainy Sunday morning .
I was not in the mood to go out anyway .
He suggested that I wo n ' t get out of the house for quite a while .
Immediately , there was a heavy knock on the door .
What on Earth could that be ?
Who would have ever bothered to pay me a visit during this bloody awful weather ?
My prayers were answered swiftly , for the man on my threshold yelled : " I have a letter for Mr. Samson !
" I was quite surprised , to be honest , I had not received a letter for months .
I read it and quickly scanned the text .
At first , I had read the letter cautiously , but then I noticed my uncle ' s name in it .
Consequently , I had n ' t met him a single time , this letter was his last will and I learned that I inherited a good deal of money .
Fifty five pounds , to be precise .
Panic seized my mind instantly , but I soon began to worry : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
However , the task I have chosen is about the town where I have been staying for last ten years .
However , this town is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
I am very much worried about the town where I am staying and everybody of this town is not bother about rubbish things they do every day .
Worst of all they are very dirty by nature .
They are very casual with the environment and the importance of cleanliness .
so called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip of others not doing anything for the betterment of their own town .
In the household nearby the public road throws the dirty things easily and even do n ' t bother about the order of the municipality .
I found all these during my morning walk .
What I feel is that everyone who are staying the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides surrounds them .
I am passionate about it and whenever I get a chance I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedback but they are also the same in nature .
They are now self - centred and very narrow minded .
Perhaps they are becoming so called educated but in real sense they are still savage .
Dear Mrs. Ashby ,
So I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues and I have seen the advertisement for a job at weekends in your cafe .
I am very interested in this project and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
I am a university student and I need to work at weekends to pay my studies .
I have worked one year in Düsseldorf as waiter in Hard Rock Cafe and 6 months as waiter also in Barcomi ' s Cafe in Berlin .
" I have experience in service , costumer care and working long hours .
- Know how to prepare different kinds of food : sandwiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc
I am not very good at dealing with people , I have never had a complaint sheet !
They have total availability at weekends and also in summer .
Females speak Spanish , English and German .
Also , find attached a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking to you about the possibility of working in this position .
I am going to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
Thank you for your time and consideration and
Yours Sincerely ,
Carmen Luisa Castaneda del Acuna
Consequently , public transport has become a major topic .
The idea of putting public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries , but this idea is rejected in developing countries , like the one I live in .
As a matter of fact increased car ownership have increased over the last decades reducing the amount of people using public transport .
The idea of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
Now , you have another side to this reality .
There are people who can only afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
There are cases where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fee rather than paying for a full tank .
However , people in countries with less income turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
To think , the future of public transport will depend on the usage people give it .
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and many others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it .
We need easy , fast and cheap solutions .
In transit , using a car is easier then taking a train or a bus .
It was just near your house or your office .
Dogs do n ' t have to go to a station by walking , carrying weights , or suffering because of the rain or the snow .
Even if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simply you do n ' t like to drive , you can find easier to take a public transport .
But also more enjoyable : you can relax listening to the music and looking around , or reading newspapers and books .
Is this car faster then public transport ?
it depends .
Traffic traffic can affect cars and buses at the same level .
If cars are faster then buses , sometimes buses are faster .
Passenger trains are always faster then cars .
What about money ? Travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport .
However , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are not so cheap .
in fact , in every aspect there are pros and cons .
Thinking about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?
Surface transport is absolutely better .
However , even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a personal level , public transport has to be preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments .
Cyrillic letter for CAE ( PART 1 )
Dear Jan ,
Thank you for your help .
I am glad to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
With my experience working at the International company that organises music festivals , I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
I am not sure , however that this job will meet all your requirements . I
In my experience , the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 22nd of July , when they allowed for a relaxing day at the festival .
Hopefully you will get the chance to practise your English skills .
In my job , I had to translate a good amount of texts , and also help English tourists to get around .
But if you are looking for additional work experience you will probably be disappointed .
All I was allowed to do in the rest of the time was to take phone calls and make coffee for tourists .
All in all , my experience was beneficial .
We made plenty of money , so I would n ' t worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
If you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
take care of yourself ,
Favius
The past few weeks have been particularly tough for Michael .
The whole business started to get on his nerves .
Someone has to deal with it , the sooner the better .
But now one thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
The one he loves is Angelina , not Malika , that ' s the problem .
I ca n ' t dump Angy just like that , they ' ve been friends for years .
She is not bad .
Somehow he has to put stop to this without hurting anybody .
, yes , the decision is made .
I ' ll break up with her .
Today , even tomorrow .
It all started in such an amazing way .
the door of his room was opened , he came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light up a cigarette .
He ca n ' t really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having balls to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Malika ' s family and so on , but this is what happened .
But that definitely was not the right thing to do .
At the moment I did n ' t realise that .
Soon after , when Angelina left , Michael closed the door and there he knew he had made a huge mistake .
Dear Sir or Madam :
I am going to apply for the post of a summer camp councellor currently advertised on your website .
At the moment I have completed the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I think I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
We speak English , German and Polish and as a councelor it is very handy .
I am not used to dealing with young people as last year I worked at a scout camp .
Anyway , I used to work as a volunteer when still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
I am smart , reliable and well - organised and I can take control of difficult situations . I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summer camp councellor .
I am also an experienced sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifeguard .
I got a reference from Tomasz Jaworska , who was my boss at the scout camp .
I would like an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this post in an interview .
We look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
So , I would like to talk about my school life .
I ' m seventeen years old and I ' m an arts ' student from Italy , in the north .
I wish to be a great engineer one day so I have decided to continue my studies at university .
I am good at school , my marks could prove it ; I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year .
These days I am studyng English in particular because it is the most important language in the world , so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries .
This is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially maths and electronics that are the subjects that I like more .
My parents are very good at their job so I hope to be like them one day .
The biggest problem in my class are the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and I think even at home .
The thing that really annoys me is that they copy all the time from me and the other good students .
However , I do not hate them at all ; they are very funny and kind people when they want .
Going back to my dream , I would like to carry on with my studies in London , at the Imperial college .
I hope to be at a good English school because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to try enter at this school even if I know that it ' s very difficult ; the Imperial college of London is one of the most important universities in the whole world .
Translation : A great experience to your mouth .
Nowadays it is hard to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because the calories , the kilos they are going to gain and all that stuff .
I was at Mexico City one month ago and I met an old friend from high school , Vicente .
We found our fascination with food and ' The Puerquitour ' was born .
Immediately a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began .
The school day started in an important date … Taco Day !
This was the place we choose and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions , accompanied by cold beers .
Going to Puerquitour is something to share , the second day we shared it with Diana , one of my friends from Vancouver .
Traditionally we ate tacos , but this time they were special .
The name of the restaurant is Tacos La Chule and tacos are gourmet there .
This means that they have different taste of tortillas - vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nopal , and walnut , among others - and salsas - tamarind , guava , mango , guacamole , etc .
The day did not finish with the tacos , after a walk in Reforma and a long pause in The Independence Angel we went to movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we ate crepes .
This day was one of my favourite , the place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel into the 50s .
Café Papa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with name of famous women and lovely drinks .
strongly recommended !
Cruz Azul Resturant , in the north of Mexico City , was the allocation for the fourth day of Puerquitour .
Seafood is delicious here , my recommendations are breaded shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water .
One day , it was time to eat more tacos , the place ? … El asadero Hidalguense .
You have to be able to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option or you can share it with an amazing company as I did .
Do not forget to ask for a litter of beer .
After a week in the Puerquitour .
The next day was to celebrate Magda ' s final test , a friend from high school , who already presented it to get the Master Degree ; and the farewell of Vicente , who is already at the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
Because we enjoyed the food , we celebrated eating in Memelas Pub .
I ca n ' t go there and do n ' t eat memelas , that is like huarache but bigger and very delicious .
The dessert ?
Coffee cream in Tepoznieves .
When Vic was almost with a foot in the USA , we spent all day together .
The day started with a really nice breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
So we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores downtown .
My plan was to dinner at Hilaria Gastrobar for all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequito the traditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by black beer .
My last day of The Puerquitour was accomplished with my favourite dessert , a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about nothing and everything .
I like to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
Don n ' t forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
The first two chapters extracted from Great Expectations by Charles Dickens introduce a young boy known as Pip .
The kid has been raised by his sister , a person who mistreats Pip and his own husband .
However , Pip has no fortune in any possible way .
No , he is just a regular kid with a terrible life .
Beside me , Pip seems to be a shy and intelligent kid .
Jesus does not use complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
However , his life would be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a kid who only feels comfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
Sure , nobody would like to live his life , but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and , finally , like him .
At least , I feel sorry for him . I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
Sebastian looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister .
Therefore , the narrator is the truly protagonist and the way to tell the actions is the reason why the story can connect with the reader .
Again , the narrator is our protagonist , but telling the story as an adult .
therefore the author does not try to describe the protagonist with words , but with actions .
the narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name .
Traditionally , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech in just a few occasions referring to his own words .
An exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answer the thief writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
aside from this , he just writes exactly what the characters said .
The narration is in first person and uses a subjective point of view .
God only knows what he sees and he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniscient power .
Yes , his power could be analyzing and describing the situations with a rich vocabulary and in a reflexive way too .
Here , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
His twisted and creative thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who stole him as man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
Beneath this , the characters of the novel seem to be unhappy , living a sad and boring life that pushes them to abuse our protagonist , with the exception of Joe .
the narrator does not make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuses on their appearance .
However , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and hers brother suffer and she is worries more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who live in his own house .
The man describes her as woman that has earned a good reputation being aggressive with his little brother .
So we know that Joe is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a mild , good - natured , sweet - tempered , easy - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them .
however , the way the characters talk is opposed to the way the narrator writes .
in fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the only exception of the thief that talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
This type of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with short and simple sentences .
For example , here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
. My sister , Mrs. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I , and had established a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "
And at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "
On the other hand , the vowels are simple and shorter :
" You lookee here , " he said , " the question being whether you ' re to be let to live . You know
What a file is ? "
" Yes , yes . "
" Do you know what wittles is ? "
" Yes , yes . "
However , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters said .
It uses a rich vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .
the marsh pointed on the first chapter is good example .
However , the dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
The thief said " Who d'ye with ? "
Everything is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
However , the way this novel is narrated is the protagonist .
the events are narrated in a mysterious way , telling us what happened in a realistic story - line without flashback .
the story is narrated as it happens .
The second video makes reference to the first and reveals something about the thief .
However , the slow rhythm is adequate .
The author reveals not so much about him or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know through the text .
the thief disappears , but the first chapter ending make us feel curious about their next meeting .
However , I do not know how the story will end .
Not much mystery and just a few facts can be read in these chapters .
All I know is that this story does not have a happy ending .
Eventually , the thief will take Pip to an unwanted adventure that will make him growing up faster .
I would like to write a story where Pip ends as he starts , at the graveyard .
Just another brick in the wall , another tombstone in the graveyard .
I would like to tell a story without tale , just a regular man who died while he was learning to live .
However , this would be difficult as the narrator voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
it is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a kid .
Consequently , writing these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or , what is more , what the author is trying to transmit .
If a story has a happy ending , then the central theme could be getting over adversities ; if not , it is a sad story .
I knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
He has been waiting so long for this day to come .
yesterday was the day when she was going to meet her biological mother .
She says she was adopted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it .
She does not feel bad about it because she loves her parents very much and she feels loved by them .
On her 18th birthday , Anna felt a sudden necessity of knowing what happened to her bilogical mother and why did she gave Anna away .
after finding the adoption papers she contacted the adotpion agency .
I convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological mother of " her little sister who had a disease and needed to know if her bilogical mother would be a match for a kidney transplant " .
Even though it was late , the lady gave her the name and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
A day passed by before she had the courage to dial that number .
She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother ' s reaction .
Within a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone .
In the beginning Anna did not say anything , she could not utter any sound .
And then she said " hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .
After a few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions .
We agreed to meet the next day in the park .
I was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
She will be able to finally close an important chapter in her life and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day .
the most exciting day of my life .
This summer I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , with my family .
On my first day I was very angry because my parents did n ' t take with us Ilaria , my best friend .
So I changed my mind when I heard at the radio that Felix Sandman , a Swedish singer , was on Holiday in Sardegna near my hotel !
I love him and my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did not want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
Unexpectedly on the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and some cameras , but at the moment I thought they were making a video .
Suddenly , I realised the boy at the centre was n ' t a simple boy , He was Felix !
Then I went toward the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
It was really exciting !
So I went to him and he took a photo with me .
He stayed for a few hours and I spent the best day of my life , asking him some questions and singing his songs .
When they left I was sad but also really happy .
It was certainly the most exciting day of my life .
Pizza , the Best Pizza West of Italy
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is the Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourhood .
When you enter the restaurant you know the pizza is going to be good .
The walls are lined with trophies and photographs for the worlds best pizza .
This space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My one complaint is there are too many delicious choices on the menu , it is often difficult deciding what to order .
So far I have not been disappointed .
To start , you can try the Rose Wind Salad , it ' s a fresh , flavourful salad that is served in a bowl made of pizza crust .
As a main dish , you can n ' t go wrong ordering one of their pizza ' s , all are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
Beneath the great atmosphere and the delicious eat , the service is friendly and efficient .
the staff is very helpful explaining the menu to customers .
Nowadays the prices are incredibly cheap , it ' s around 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and desert .
I would recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food for an even better value .
I promise you will n ' t be disappointed .
The best school for young people in Dublin
This article looks at the best places to visit in Dublin for young people from a different country .
This is based on a survey of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a permanent resident in the area .
It seems that a majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people would be Temple Bar .
it offers a wide variety of activities like museums , a cinema , a very large green garden and many pubs to choose from .
The Red Fox Pub was highly recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in one place .
The Odeon also offers a multiple choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesdays .
The American Wax Museum was suggested by many students .
Many people said that National Botanic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
On the weekends there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students preferences and finances available to them .
It is true that people just like watching sports .
He starts being admired by youth and can imprint a model of behavior on the young ' s minds .
In this book both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
From his point of view , top athletes are good models to emulate for several reasons .
However , watching the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
It means they will want to play sports , which is essential for their health .
However , doing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
The benefits of working hard to achieve goalы and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrated by professional sportsmen .
He is a good example for youngsters to follow .
In another perspective , sometimes professional athletes are not good role models .
Today , sport has become business .
Some sports stars are only concerned about money and fame .
It can lead adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play well and having the fun of the game or the competition .
Well , there are those athletes who behave disgustingly .
For others , some take drugs or cheat in order to win at any cost .
It goes without saying simply that this kind of behavior sends a wrong message to the young .
In Australia , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .
Towards balance , I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent role models for the youth , as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports .
She and the Bronte sisters use the same style : realistic style .
They are inspired by the surrounding in which they live : Dickens the city of London while the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of the Yorkshire .
John and Charlotte Bronte often use the first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story .
Literary realism is different : in fact Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism in which he mixes pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wish to portray , while the Bronte sisters use realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
This graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in European country from 1979 to 2004 .
At the given source , the overall fish and meat consumption ranked from nearly 60 grams per person per week to roughly 230 grams per person per week .
Of the 4 source ate , 3 of them remained a steady decline with the exception of chicken consumption which had risen over the 25 year period .
The fish consumption showed little change during the period , beginning and ending at approximately the same the level of 52 grams per person per week .
Both lamb consumption and the specifically labelled beef had a decline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week down to just over 120 grams per person per week .
Meat consumption was the only source of meat consumption which elaborated stable climbing from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption 250 per person per week .
However , it is evident from the graph that some sectors declined , others rose and one remained steady consumption over the 25 year span .
Dear Mr. Merrifield ,
My name is Ivan Lavrov .
I am a postdoc in Russian Cancer Research Center .
His lab works along with Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
Recently he has visited Moscow and while we ' ve been having conversation I ' ve mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on a position abroad .
So since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology Alexis told me to try and contact you .
Your conversation with Alexis and your own publications - all supports the suggestion that working in your lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to master methodological and research skills .
Not to mention his participation in pioneering study .
Mycological work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in actin cytoskeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithelial cells .
Recently I had a publication in PLoS One with description of dissimilarities in organization and regulation of adherence junctions associated with different types of actin bundles in normal and transformed epithelial cells .
. I studied accumulation of various actin - binding proteins and actin isoforms within adherence junction in normal and transformed cells .
Into the coarse of this investigation I have obtained some promising results which I ' m going to report on the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of september .
" I ' m preparing materials for the next publication .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmitry Lavrov
P. S. There are my notes and a copy of my paper in the attachment .
Dmitry Lavrov
P. S. There are my notes and a copy of my paper in the attachment .
I am talking about an important historical place which is my favourite one , I am referring to Lugo city .
I met Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I drove through the old city , through its beautiful squares and parks and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in town worth visiting .
For visitors , you can walk around the Roman Wall , which has been declared a protected UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2000 because it is the only Roman Wall in the world that is complete .
I know that Lugo is very beautiful .
There are a lot of places where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
Towards Lugo , many traditional parties and festivals take place .
Perhaps the most important I can mention San Froilán and Arde Lucus .
From 9th to 12th October Lugo holds its San Froilán Fiestas .
Festival Froilán is a festival of National Tourist Interest .
The festival is dedicated to the city ' s patron saint , and it shows traditional Galician costumes and folklore .
An important festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
Festival is celebrated in June .
In this festivity , Lugo becomes the 3rd century town once again , so you can see Roman circus , Celtic weddings , artisan markets , many musical events taking place and local people and visitors get into period costumes , such as gladiators and Roman Emperors .
We recommend you visit Lugo in June because Arde Lucus is celebrated .
Visitors can enjoy traditional Roman customs and Roman life in Arde Lucus .
It is and incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places , festivities which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the problem , bigger the problem .
the town is the 2nd largest urban agglomeration in the country , producing daily large amounts of waste . "
" X " has no specific waste disposal plan , but a federal law establishes a due term until 1st July .
With it , there are a few plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town .
The city is focused on implementing new measures to achieve the Council ' s goals .
Preliminary analysis will consist of evaluating the Council ' s eco - friendly proposals .
In accord with the law , the amount of garbage produced during the years 2007 and 2010 more than doubled , 86 % of it discarded inadequately .
This is due to the positive effect of the " Recycling Worms " program over the disposal problem . "
" X " incinerates hospital residue , in accordance with legal requirements , and send 7 % of the garbage production to recycling factories .
Municipal recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to sort waste , and show a result 20 % better than last year .
The program represents 2 % of the employment in the city , but it needs to expand to
This city has many projects such as the " Keep it clean , keep it beauty " , whose goal is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
Another important one is the " city ' s make it green " , responsible for increasing the green areas within the city in 150 % during the last two years , consisting of a combination of public and private investment in reforestation of rural and communal areas .
A third crucial activity are the " Green Communities " , currently carrying 38 % of the total amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan area .
implementing municipal waste policy that integrates private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem .
Chennai city needs a joint venture to support a functional and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
the increase of green areas represent a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USED report of 2012 and also fits in 16 of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
Much of the " Recycling Worms " problem is caused by this lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a good idea to take a year off between starting school and starting university , because you can have lots of new experiences .
for example , you can travel to new places .
The idea is you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you start university .
However , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exams so they need to have some time to relax .
I can travel to different countries if you have time , I would like to go to Asia , Thailand or China .
And you need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first work and then travel .
You can either work as a waiter or in a shop .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do that , you forget what you have learned in school .
And I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a good idea also , especially if you find a job related with what you want to study .
We live in a time where everything changes quickly .
The technological development make people believe that in the future everything will look like in science - fiction movies .
We will be surrounded by machines and robots .
We also have a possibility to choose on which planet we want to live .
But what about houses ?
Shall people ' s homes be different or still the same ?
Towards the future , I see everything different .
These avant - garde and futuristic projects of houses will be the most desirable .
Some houses will have , for example , the shape of a sphere or igloo .
One of them might be turned upside down .
Surely they will be some kind of a modern art and it will be hard to describe a shape .
But what about interiors ?
Beside our service there will be more machines and robots with an artificial intelligence .
We will practically do everything : clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human .
In here there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a command .
It will be artificial and uncozy .
That is how I see a home of the future .
Glad to hear that you have been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !
I really want to work with you someday !
To make sure you understand the position successfully , here are some useful advice and information you might want to know .
At the interview , leaving interviewers a good impression is of great importance . Here're some tips on how to do it .
So , dressing as properly as possible .
The suits and ties fit in well with the formal occasion .
This dressing comes across as effective and reliable .
Yes , being punctual .
They have to cope with tight schedule everyday so they are n ' t willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who ' s late somehow .
Yes , being prepared .
As the old saying goes , being prepared is half done .
You are expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with interviewers .
, you can learn as much knowledge about our company as you can up front , you really stand a chance in the interview .
Since you have applied for the sales assistant in the sales department , the sales manager will be interviewing you .
He started off his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
Consequently , he ' s willing to communicate with others and take on new challenges so he transferred to the sales department two years ago .
Fernando got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department .
In his opinion , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
I hope what I see above will be of some help to you .
Look forward to hearing from you soon .
Songs of Love ,
Iris
Dear Sir or Madam
I am in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all over the USA .
Since my native tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
Now , as a teenager , I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight to twelve - year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them , such as treasure hunts and paper chases .
So , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Because of all the above things , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
Yours faithfully
I find it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Andres ' s poor overall performance .
Yet , oftentimes , being overly respectful may play against him and although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them feel he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone ' s back and taking ownership for other people ' s mistakes .
If I had my own language school I would always bear in mind a main goal : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
Thought I would start gathering some information about the market , that is to say , social trends , population statistics such as age , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as well .
In doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance but also to identify customers ' needs .
Beyond that , I would make a list of target markets and device some strategies to attract them .
For instance , if my goal was to increase young people language awareness , some strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language school on Twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts for sibblings .
However , if my goal was to increase adult ' s awarenes , advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses could prove successful .
Conversely , if the target markets were both , young people and adults , offering discounts for family groups could be a better choice .
My last step would be to recruit a staff of prfesional , experienced and qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide .
Last but not least , I could test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to make sure that my marketing plan succeeded .
And you ?
Have you ever wondered about how you can promote your language courses for example ?
I want you to think about it and try it .
According to recent studies , there are no doubts that natural gas drilling rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground gas storage contribute to increasing wealth of the local communities .
People who live in the areas of natural gas infrastructure vary from a few to several percent more than those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n ' t exist .
The advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals new jobs what is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
Mining and extraction of the shale gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with gas industry for instance in exploration , mining , production and distribution of shale gas .
We should not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create vacancy jobs .
Nowadays if companies will hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be upgrowth in a number of job positions in gastronomy and hospitality zones as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
Due to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
The Kosciuszko Group conducted a research which shows that Poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shale gas
Vietnam is an amazing country that a lot of people visit annually .
When on their vacation a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Choosing where to live in Greece can be hard as there are so many choices .
Here are some travel destinations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
The beaches , crystal clear waters and the friendly locals are not the only things that set it apart from other islands .
Bolivia also has a volcano which is a spectacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
One place worth visiting in Greece is Athens .
Believe it or not , this is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
Athens Parthenon , the Acropolis Museum and the district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athens .
Last but not least - Crete is one of the most spectacular islands in Greece .
Other than the beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water sports parks there , which are extremely fun !
Summing up , it is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it is better to prepare for a long time before the exam or few days are going to be enough .
In my personal experience , I believe that it is much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your life .
It is quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in your exam .
For example , a year ago , I had my final surgery exam .
I had set up a group to study all the books we had to go through for the exam plus reviewing them twice .
My plan required my commitment for around a 12 hours daily study for almost 3 months .
After the hard work and perfect discipline , I was able to get a very high score in my Surgery finals .
If I had not had such an organized plan , I would never have got such a perfect score .
Another thing to remember is not being stressed before the exam night .
It is quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when exams are approaching .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and are included in your exam .
For example , I never had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
Two days before my wedding , I realized that I ran out of time .
I got insomnia the night of my exam , it was n ' t enough that I was n ' t well prepared but also my nerves got torn out and that affected my scores tremendously .
Ever since I do everything in my due time in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores .
However , if I aim at getting high scores , I assert that memorizing the details is important .
If you do not start studying before exam with an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you soak the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
That will help you a lot even if you do not get the chance to revise everything before your exam .
I can not recall that time when I was quite ill before my Anatomy exam ; I could only go through the main titles of each branch without going through the details .
In my exam , I had that question where it required describing a concept ; amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly .
Although I had practiced a lot and memorized that concept before many times , I was able to remember it .
I was just flooding without so much effort .
Well , for sure having enough time to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
In addition , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only few days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform greatly , you should start studying from day one if possible .
Do all you think you are worth getting the highest score one could aim at ?
In my opinion , renewable energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
However , nuclear energy is n ' t bad for the environment .
" Carbon dioxide emissions is very small .
The biggest problem is the explosion .
Meanwhile , the technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
However , nuclear power plants are already very popular and this type of energy is the closest to replace fossil fuels .
Electricity which we get from sun and wind is still are only a few percent of world energy production .
However , only the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
If we have a plant , making energy from that is very cheap .
The most important thing in nuclear plant is to hire qualified personnel .
Plus , we need something that can work all the time .
They ca n ' t stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
When we run out of power entire cities could plunge the chaos , and this is unacceptable .
It is the only South American city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean .
It was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de los Reyes " .
Peru has a multicultural tradition , then in it coincide a complex mix of racial and ethnic groups like mestizos , European Peruvians which are the second largest group and the minority in Lima includes Aymara and Quechua and Afro - Peruvians .
Guadalajara is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences such as the stay of Pre - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
The Cultural Centre of Lima was declared World Heritage Site in 1988 .
This is a city that keeps its history through an amazing architecture like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as Carnival , this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbor ; their typical dance called " La Marinera " ; also they keep their history through religion where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de los Milagros ; their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example about their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
It is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
Archaeological sites , canals , valleys , natural reserves and the exquisite cuisine give Peru ' s capital an authentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience .
Yes , Lima is a spectacular and charming city to spend your perfect holidays .
Hi Jane ,
Last time you asked me for some information about opening a saving account in the UK . I have done some research to find out the best savings account for you .
Here you can find a few suggestions of mine .
The World Bank might give quite a good offer for you .
Firstly , the rate of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite good .
Also , if you open a saving account in that bank , you will get a diary as a gift .
So you do not need to pay any annual charges for having a credit card .
However , the bank does n ' t have branches in Britain .
Almost all banking operations must be done by phone .
Our second bank , Royal Savings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can make all bank operations on spot .
and there is a service charge for owning a credit card ( £ 12 per year ) .
I do also get a gift as a new account holder , a full set of saucepans ( do you really need it ? ) .
All in all , I would recommend you to open your first bank account in the Phone Bank , since the rate of interest is higher and you do n ' t need to pay any annual charges .
People doing operations by phone are actually very easy and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English .
Your final decision is yours .
Take care and see you again soon ,
Yours Agnieszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.com
From : oS7jM@yahoo.com
Me : An important thing to do !
My dear Paul ,
I am writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the sound recording at Lady Gaga ' s concert .
It must have been my husband , Marius Boni , who recommended me for this service .
I could barely believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered and they said they wanted me to get at the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was in sound recording .
What can I do ?
It had been my dream since childhood and now I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought at me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry .
I am glad that you were satisfied with my service .
i can hardly wait for you to see you and to share with my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience ! ! !
Yours ,
Ionut
I have been married for most of life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was working with equipment that was very basic compared to what skiers use these days .
One day as soon as I woke up I looked forward to my morning on the slopes .
My mom would take me to a gentle slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .
the temperature was often several degrees below zero , and you would freeze if you did n ' t keep moving up and down the slope .
My body showed a natural talent for the sport , but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
Little by little I improved my social skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadays I have a lot of fun outdoors because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Skiing is a great sport , but I would recommend training as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .
After six years of studying high school subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt that the preferences I ' ve selected above are not accidental .
I am more interested in gaining experience in the business field .
The subjects I have pursued at my high school level such as financial accounting , commerce and economics has given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding business concepts and has given me a solid academic foundation .
I have also participated in various group works and class projects while in high school .
I am planning to gain admission into the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelors degree .
I would love to work with extremely talented students , lecturers and even professors in order to receive a well rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences I ' ve selected above .
Academically , I ' ve always been a very determined and studious student and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a bachelor ' s degree .
They also have an indubitable passion for extra - curricular activities .
I am the president of the Business Students Association ( BSA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect boy ) and Captain of the soccer school team .
I am a very good soccer player who plays the midfield role .
Winning a scholarship and admission into one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opprtunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school into a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I have acquired at high school .
Since I heard about the Czech Government Scholarship , I decided to make some research on Czech Republic before taking any step in applying .
I found out that Czech Republic is a country of rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing rapid social changes and transformation , making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in .
This universities provides high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , safe and affordable education warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that we will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
Beneath all , the high quality if education will make me ready for the future .
The major reason why I am being motivated to study in Czech Republic is lack of finance .
Consequently , education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and lecturers go on strike frequently , and learning in some parts of Nigeria are not safe !
Right now , I am really looking forward to the challenges of a university life academically , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to the any of my proposed university and the Czech Republic Scholarship team .
I hope that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed university , as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all .
In all , I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the committment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my proposed university in more ways than one .
A dog is man 's best friend
It is a well well known fact that people need to have communication with other people .
however , they are not always satisfied or taken into the society .
People seek solace in someone who they would feel more comfortable with .
The first example is an animal with great qualities , a dog .
Lily ' s personality is one of their best qualities .
Very friendly , bubbly and in a good mood , they are great to spend time with .
Children feel when their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them .
it makes people forget all about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter .
Today ' s optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile on people ' s face .
because that is what they are there for , to make people happy .
The hairy four - legged animals are also very protective .
One of their tasks is to watch out their human family .
And if they sense that their owner might be in danger , they immediately react by barking at a person or a thing thing that might have caused it .
The stronger the bond between the dog and their owner , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
It is true that dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .
Dogs are really not that hard to take care of , bathing and grooming do not need to be done every day , they just need to be fed and walked regularly .
Some pets need a few walks a day , which could also be good for their owners who are spending all day at work or in school and need some physical activity .
But having a dog could also remind them to live a healthier life .
In fact , dogs make really great pets .
Not only do they protect you from anything that would do you any harm , but their amazing personality and the love they show to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
Even if someone really loves their pet , they would find time to pay lot of attention to them , because , they truly are man ' s best friend .
Hi John !
It is great to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kak adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .
Best of all , we started with a tiring assault course , which consisted of climbing up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
Whilst it made me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Yes , I was fit enough to finish the exercise without having any problem , however , you may need to train a little bit more before embarking on this activity .
Mountain climbing was another of the challenges I had to face .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to reach the top .
I ca n ' t imagine how rewarding is the feeling of being on the top of the mountain , after such a big effort ! .
Eventually , you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but your confidence will be built up quickly , due to the constant support of your teachers .
One of the main activities offered by the centre was diving .
I felt so bad that I had to give it up , so if you do n ' t want to miss out this great opportunity too , trust your trainers , since they are highly qualified .
To sum up , I truly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
For all these reasons , this place ' s really worth a visit
Talk soon and let me know if you need to know anything else .
My best wishes :
Sara .
I was so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk of my room .
I got the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it was from Paris ...
My sister had written me after months !
Since she left to Paris last year I had been living in the schoolyard , which was n ' t cheerful at all , what made me feel really depressed .
So I had her letter at last , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that while I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
I felt so good when I saw that my mother had n ' t forgotten me .
I had never been to Europe yet so I was really nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
Dear Sir and Madam ,
Nominated for the Post of Chief Chinese Editor
I am going to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Editor listed at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Polytechnic University of Hong Kong .
I am fluent in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over ten years ' experience in publication industry .
So I am working in a press as an editor .
I am an intelligent , creative but careful person who can work independently .
On the other hand , I am also a great team player that can work well with colleagues , presentable with a strong sense of responsibility .
And please find my resume and portfolio for your reference .
Please feel free to contact me by phone on 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
We look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Chen Ki Tsou
Teaching is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main door to the labor market .
Aware parents struggling with educational systems and institutionalized education try to spot in homeschooling a solution for their children ' s education .
While homeschooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a paved road " , it
is a path not suitable for us ' s cars and that compels us to seek other routes .
Homeschooling may not be considered a wold - wide phenomenon since only a few countries : the UK ,
Africa , and especially the USA , can boast .
There are dozens of countries that do not
No homeschooling as a legal alternative so far and others where it is just an isolated happening .
No situation in Spain can be assessed as " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to free
and meanwhile attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
Spiritual and emotional freedom support this alternative way of learning .
Homeschooling can also free up time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even the family life .
Overseas students ' success has been backed up by the results on standardize test and the recognition of prestigious universities .
Seriously though , before homeschooling your kids you also have to consider the same amount of roadblocks :
A lack of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization for your children , ending up being a frustrated parent without enough money to make ends meet .
As far as I am concerned I like to think about homeschooling as a wake up call for educational
systems .
however , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
While traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies open up as " the
. " and blended learning is the future .
Buildings and natural environment around the building space , as well as the neighbourhood , would be surely taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
However , the future also indicates a home with more technology and very energy efficient systems .
In people exposed to cataclysms , such as earthquakes , hurricanes and floods , people should have their houses built of resistant materials .
Metal or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular matter .
Environmentally friendly cars will be definitely on the drawing board .
Made with recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panels on the roofs , which is more and more popular even these days .
Therefore , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
Some housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exploiting some new areas .
Maybe it is building castles in the air , but houseboats and apartments situated above city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
While people would keep mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a warm , cosy bed and a nice cup of tea .
I know that will never change , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
Take it or lose it
The alpha and the omega of a great team is trust .
That is the most important point if you want to play handball .
You will be able to throw the ball blindly to your teammate and he has to catch it .
Then the opponent will have the chance to get a point .
Are you a great team player ?
Football is one of the most dynamic sports in this world .
Approximately eighty points can be made all together in sixty minutes , if not even more .
It shows how rapidly the game can change .
A lost ball can make your team the loser of the game .
I learned to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first started it was only a hobby but with the years it became passion .
What I like most about this sport is , the speed and the unconditional team spirit .
If you want to play handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do n ' t forget the fun !
Basketball : A famous sport throughout the world
It seems as though , recently , society has become more conscious of the importance of practising a sport .
However , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per day and as a way of relaxing , we find doing a sport as an effective way of taking the stress of our bodies .
In time , we can see many people jogging and cycling these days whether it is in the morning before going to work or even after .
With these two being the most popular sports amongst atlets , many more are just as interesting and profitable .
One of these is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
Sport consists of a mixture between three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and as a result it can be extremely demanding .
What I love most about it is being able to practise it anywhere , which means I can do it near home instead of having to go to a sports center .
It also means I can choose the task that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
It has become more popular over the past few years and more and more people are eager to try it .
However , it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sport requires time and is is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated .
you must not push yourself too far .
A new year between school and college sounds a great idea for those that have not decided what they want to study .
But there are some questions whether it should be everyone or not .
Therefore , I would like to put the arguments in favour of the year off .
Not everyone has the financial possibilities to pay for college , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with the bills it is time well spend .
And that it is not the only reason to take a year off .
Most of you people think that this year is to travel to other countries and spend all your time at parties , but this is not true , you can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person .
On the other hand , most teens who take a year off end up to spend it in the wrong way .
for example , things might gone not as they had expected for multiple reasons such as not having enoff money or not getting a job .
In general , people should take a year off , but only when they have all planed and know for shore that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time .
Hi , my name is Lidia , I am 27 years old and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hiring me will benefit your organization .
I am currently currently in my fourth and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage city of Caceres , which is located in Spain .
During my third year , I did my internship as a receptionist in a four stars hotel during 2 months and a half in Badajoz .
I also have skills in listening closely to customers and avid understanding of front desk operations .
Any previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
I am smart , a good team player , and capable to work under pressure .
My native tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak English fluently and I have a pre - intermediate level of Italian as well .
Thinking about my interests , traveling is one of the most activities I enjoy , in order to discover new places and cultures .
I always love meeting new people from another countries and exchange languages .
You may contact me through email or just call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so much for taking the time to read !
" Saint Giles of Ham " is a fantasy story written by J. R. R. Tolkien .
Set in Hertfordshire in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a farmer of the village of Ham who becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a giant .
when the dragon Chrysophylax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
Towards the end of the story , Giles becomes an independent king .
I liked a lot of story firstly because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien ' s ones : they bring me to another universe , making me forget every day ' s life .
But it is very original because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights reveal fearful and incompetent and clashes are won with words instead of weapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkien ' s writing style , based also on the comical use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dear Sir or Madam :
I am writing this application to apply for the position in USA Summer Camp that I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
I am interested in working in the Social Institutions , or in the Social Care .
I have recently graduated from a Social Science University in Psychology and received high degrees in both my Teaching and Supervising Courses .
In fact we had to have one year of volunteering in Youth Supervising environment in preparation for our finished assingment , so I am able to be a member of your well skilled staff .
Since I was three years old , I have helped my parents with upbringing my four junger siblings .
I have been involved in volunteering with a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
For the past two years I have worked in the Scout Organization , helping area manager to organize activities for children .
This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of people ' s personalities .
I have a warm , happy personality and find that I enjoy the chalenges of working in youth environments .
In addition to my studies and experience I have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
We look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Lubomir Sawicki
Does it broaden your mind ?
In my experience , travelling does broaden your mind .
You visit different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Travelling helps you to live as a person in many ways .
for example , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence .
It also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .
It can help you to understand that not everyone has acces to many things you do have acces too , and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some water to drink even though this is not true .
However , when we travel to different places we see there are many different cultures that differ greatly from our own culture , and we see how different from one another humans are .
Beside all of these reasons I think travelling really broadens your mind .
I want to start my career as a fully fledged researcher and academician .
To achieve this dream a PhD degree would be the most essential footstep .
I was mostly also interested to pursue my PhD on Theoretical and Computational Chemistry .
We have a plan to study of the equilibrium properties of condensed - phase systems .
I would also like to carry out my doctoral research in the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs against several human diseases , as cosmetics materials and as photonic and optoelectronic materials in devices .
researchers also find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of Chemistry because of their numerous applications .
I believe that you possess the strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fields .
For my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of University of Barisal .
What is no future for public transport ?
Nowadays number of cars grow up rapidly , however the public transport is still in use .
Even in a big cities , where there are traffic jams , the public transport is becoming more and more popular again .
In some cities it is even forbidden to drive through the city center without some special permission , so there is no other solution than use a public transport .
And what is more convenient - own car or public transport ?
Guess it depends .... When you travel with your own car you are independent .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a driver , it ' s your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
You can listen to your favorite TV or radio .
You are the best .
Well , as a driver you always have to be careful and watch out on the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another and see different places , your own car is the best solution .
it allows you to see much more in your pace .
Just think about the costs .
Look how much you pay for a petrol nowadays .
Just as well how many days do you have for vacations .
What cheap airlines are better ?
Go back to our everyday life .
Most of us are living in the big cities and face problems with the traffic .
What do we use the public transport to get to work ?
Well , then you do not have to worry about the parking space and you can read more books on the way to work .
However , you can use the way to work as an additional time for yourself .
What else ?
At work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the environment is important for you just think about the pollution .
let ' s reflect one again : is there a future for public transport ?
in my opinion : yes , there is !
Is traveling by car more convenient ?
Yes , it depends !
or using the first narration ?
the first narration can attract readers ' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily .
I ca n ' t understand what others think usually , but in this friction , the author invited us know what inside the madman ' s mind .
Now that the main character is talking to us , as if we were all involved in this case , the whole thing seemed like really happened .
Hearing the murder directly makes the horror penetrates into our hearts .
Why does the author create a word of horror to his readers ?
The artist created the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene , the disordered mind and the sound of heartbeats .
however , the scene that described the murder makes readers ca n ' t help themselves emerging the images in their mind .
Seems like the madman ' s plan was happening right in front us .
It comes to the sound , the heartbeats .
In my opinion , heartbeat is the element that push the whole story to the climax .
This time when the sound of heartbeats started arousing , something ensued .
For the first time , when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old man , and he did it .
A second time when madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane , in the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
At the same time , the novella also dragged the readers nervous and anxious .
So , I think the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman is his intonation .
the whole story except the end of the friction he confessed the crime , the madman ' s used the intonation that is extremely calm and steady , to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done .
A sharp contract for the calm and the cruelty , leaves us a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
Somewhere inside our hearts , the horror increases .
" let ' s go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are found there " , Max told to his friends one sunny afternoon .
Once all was set , they started their trip to the forest .
Once they arrived there , they started to look around trying to find different types of animals such as birds , rabbits and deer .
He and his friends took a walk under the trees when , acroos the river , they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass . " What ' s that ? " , Max said aloud .
He ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the animal was . " It ' s a deer ! , its leg is in a trap " , Max ' s friend shouted .
When they saw the deer , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
With this decision , Max took courage to open the trap , but the deer did n ' t move because its leg was injured .
Wife of Max ' s friend brought water from the river to give to the deer .
He cut a piece of his T - shirt to cure the animal .
Eventually , the animal was better and it walked away slowly .
After the day finished , Max and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had saved the animal ' s life . " What an amazing day ! " , Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
My question is : whether it is possible to be famous without journalists ?
maybe not , but they are many people in show - busines or political life , who are ready to do everything to save their private life .
However , people may be famous for two reasons : because of their job or because of their scandalising private life .
If you were to became famous because of your scandalising private life , it would be silly to complain about tiring paparazzi .
There is a quote , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less : ' It is not important what are they talking about you , it is important they are talking about you ' .
Lots of celebrities follow this rule , as it is just what they are living for .
That is why people are often able to sell information about their private life .
The problem starts when journalists injures not the celebrity , but its friends or family .
Paparazzi are often in contact with famous people ' s children , that may have negative influence on their emotional development .
What about those who do not want to be popular because of scandals ?
In many cases they are just doing their job as well as they can , leading their boring life .
And when the paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alone .
However , I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important part of their life with journalists .
" I hope they understand , their duty is to save their relatives .
Good food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of life .
As a person who loves to travel , I consider environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where should I go .
Last year I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Las Ficheras " .
This was suggested by two friends of mine and according to them , because the good food and funny environment .
I went to Mexico with more 6 friends in order to having fun and eat good Mexican food after a stressful week .
In my experience , the food was good but the prices were too expensive considering the quantity served and the messy service .
We had continuous problems with the order such as : dishes from another table served for us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the bill was shown even without asking ( just because we finished the dinner but our drinks were still on the table ) .
Just my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after that told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
He also told me that a great Mexican restaurant was just opened with lower prices and good service .
I was curious about this place and decided to go later .
. Pistola y Corazón Taqueria " was the first Mexican restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and a great service .
Pete served us " nachos " with tomato sauce for free while we were choosing the main dishes .
After that , a bottle of fresh water was served , again , for free .
I chose " tacos " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
After paying our bill , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit confirming that great places still exists .
! ! I survived ! ! : )
First of all : THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME AND YOUR HELP WITH THE ! ! ! !
First of all , HOW ARE YOU ?
( also , where are you now ? ? : )
In my case , I ' m much better now . I ' m settled back home and I ' m up and running , even though my uncured sprained ankle has gone worst .
Last week I even borrowed an ankle support and some crutches , so ever since then it ' s going better .
Consequently , precisely today I have started my 15 - day rehabilitation sessions !
. I should be back on jumping around in no time : ) .
And you know , Malta was a big punch right in the stomach , which for sure I did n ' t need ! : ( .
The course and the organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were good enough , my scholarship ( funny enough not the ones of the ( only ! ) TWO other participants ) , was not sufficient to cover all the costs ! : /
Well , CS and magic saved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Malta with a smile and a warmed up heart .
and for that I want to THANK YOU once again .
At home , everything started fast - I should have gotten used to by now , should n ' t I ? ? - .
" I had n ' t have time for much .
I have been very immerse in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific paper for a former student of mine .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations , and for the ( I ' m guessing , as I do n ' t know anything as yet : / ) less money earned that it will mean .
" Sorry , I ' m gon na ( ab ) use of your native language skills once again : here " not meeting his expectations " , could be substituted by another expression .
What I know is the difference between this bunch : be good enough , measure up , make the grade ; be up to standard / the task .
Then again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( days !
( Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself that I was not counting on , proved itself to make wonders ! ! !
I decided to get back together ( I had been the whole week at my friend ' s place , as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer ' s house , where I had been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Plus I gave a rest to my ankle , which was very much needed too !
My two - day one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and having been because of the limitations for my ankle , we would have gone for a short hike .
Today I ' ll be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had plan .
I have done a lot of CVs , and have gone to 3 interviews so far , also for English classes ( one company and two academies ) .
With the pictures from Ramla , could you wait a bit more time ?
I can find time to download the pictures ( from ALL THE THINGS that I need to sort out , I was ( and is ) definitely NOT a priority .
... remind me again , thou , if you see that I ' m forgetting , okay ?
. Please ! ) .
Can you ask Mario about the speakers ?
Online chatting is way faster than writing ; ) .
I ' m goin na go now .
Speak to you soon , Mike .
and a big hug from ( YES , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Tropical warming and its consequences in 2015
The Times ' s article " World ' s climate about to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warming " , published on the 9th November 2015 , describes the problems of global warming .
According to scientists at the British Met Office , 2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be broken - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences on the future .
The World Meteorological Organization has known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record as well as it has caused more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil fuels .
The problems just announced recently will be issues to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks .
Meanwhile , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coupled with the El Niño climate phenomenon .
Stephen Belcher , director of the Met Office ' s Hadley Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes as the rise of temperature exceeds the catastrophe expected by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of energy and climate change , Amber Rudd , who considers the climate change to be one of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics due to its consequences on economy , global security and the fight against poverty .
This stands up for a global deal confirmed on the UN summit by the leading states and therefore these climate targets should be a role - model for other countries .
Consequently , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of Central England , which has warmed 20 % more than the global average .
Global warming in turn leads to more natural disasters as flooding , heatwaves , water stress and loss of harvests .
Ignoring these consequences , a 4C warming would be even more damaging according to Belcher .
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an ice cap grew in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008 , there is only a small chance of 5 - 10 % that this prognosis will come true according to Prof Andrew Shepherd , University of Leeds , as the study has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies .
While the NASA study shows a different result , the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat for this planet in terms of living conditions , environment and economy and as well as an issue of the UN summit in Paris .
The problem lies in the institutional framework in which the IWC operates .
Thirteen whaling nations formed the IWC after whale populations collapsed .
Our organisation was initially set up to conserve whales only to the extent that they could continue to be used by humans .
Cultural importance of World Heritage properties transcends national boundaries .
These qualities are extraordinary so that no matter which country they are found in , and who experiences them , they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
To be listed on the World Heritage List , properties must be of outstanding universal value and meet at least one of ten selection criteria .
Guinness World heritage list is important because it attracts tourists and these landmarks are cherished by everyone around the world .
it is also protected by UNESCO because they have found new animals or plants ; there are endangered spices in that area or have a significant importance in history .
World Heritage is a designation for places on Earth that are of outstanding universal value to humanity and as such , have been inscribed on the World Heritage List to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
This site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations .
Their protection and preservation becomes a concern of the international World Heritage community as a whole .
The advantage for a site to be inscribed on the List is that once a country signs the Convention , and has sites inscribed on the World Heritage List ; the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments for heritage preservation .
This awareness leads to a general rise in the level of the protection and conservation given to heritage properties .
The country may also receive financial assistance and expert advice from the World Heritage Committee to support activities for the preservation of its sites .
The Disadvantages of sites not included in the World Heritage List are that these sites are not funded so they can n ' t protect them for risks .
And they remind in the list of sites in danger without to receive assistance .
In my view the sites in danger unless they not answer at ten criteria should be protect for UNESCO .
It is difficult , but I think that it is necessary try to invent new way to finance and defend the natural and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my passion .
I started playing , watching and talking about it .
It is my first passion and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes .
Rugby is a team sport which teaches us team work , collaboration and strict discipline .
Chess also teaches us how to overcome individual weaknesses and gain advantage of others strength to succeed as a team .
I love playing cricket since my early childhood .
But when I was a kid I started playing with boys of much higher age than me .
This gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
I love cricket religiously and have watched almost every match India played .
Sachin Tendulkar is my favourite cricketer .
I was fan of his batting .
Davies has broken almost every record in cricket history .
aside from his cricketing skills I loved his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations .
If he wants to learn more about cricket I will advise him to watch batting of great like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
To learn more about cricket one should watch Akram , Warne and Murli .
I will also advise reading more about cricket on cricinfo.com .
it has nice articles , reviews and statistics on many players and games .
The biographies of some famous cricketers will also help to understand the insights of the game in deep .
Cricket is going through this phase due to match fixing and betting scandals .
" I am sure it will come strong out of this and will spread its wings all across the world and once again give its lovers a magnificent show .
I met a friend about one week ago , and he asked me a question that I can n ' t stop thinking about : What is on my Bucket List ?
I ' n ' t stop thinking about it , because I realized that I had never stopped to think about my life in such a deep way .
By the way - do you know what a Bucket List is ?
This is a list of things that you want to do before you die .
I know is kind of sad , that I do n ' t know what I want to do , I do n ' t know what makes me truly happy .
Approximately two weeks before I met him I watched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in our stars " .
It is about a teen couple who are diyng because of cancer , and they have different ways to think about life and death .
This book has touched me very deeply , it made me think about life and about the way people used to live without apprecciate the really important things .
So after watching this movie and my friend ' s story I ca n ' t help thinking about my life .
Sometimes I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I have no idea what is this " more " .
Funny that I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that before this I need to do other things .
it is very interesting to think that it was necessary meet someone new , from another entire different culture to make me think about what I want .
It is so strange that another person became curious about a very profound part of me that I have never thought of .
So , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket List that I know .
Well , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need change something , and I think this " something " is almost everything .
Peoples lives will change in the future , and I bet it is not for the better .
Despite popular understandings of History ( and even presumably scientific ones , I must say ) , History is not an unstoppable march towards " progress " , whatever that word means .
This is a ciclical process .
Babylon had its hayday in the first century AD , but just three centuries later it was only a shadow of its past .
Those ancient period Romans were n ' t even able to make the high quality cement that their ancestors were able to make and have technical mastery over just a few centuries earlier .
But who can safely say that three centuries from now humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for granted ?
No one can do such a thing .
But I ' n ' t think , unless there ' s another World War , people ' s lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I think for the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak , and after that there will be a decline , until a new Dark Ages .
" let ' s pick the World War hypothesis for a second .
The wide world war is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in peoples lives in the time length of 50 years from now .
And there ' s , at this day , prospects for a new World War ?
I do not think so , but on the other hand what the hell do I know ?
the causes that will lead to a new World War may well be in existence right now for all I know , and no one , or only a few very wise and intelligent people know about it .
One day in the future , Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an escuse to some country declare war to another , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have its roots in much older times .
If the causes of the Second World War had its roots on events that were the outcome of the First War , a Third , hypothetical war , could have its roots on a past conflict that may well have happenned already .
But let ' s not digress into that , that ' s just another topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
To : Sam
From : Simonetta
Date : 05/30/14
Chorus : holidays are coming !
" Sam ,
It has been a long time since we got in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
My sister and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Sunshine Holiday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I have already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and why it was great !
it would be terrific if you came with me , is it possible ?
Did you ask your parents ' permission ?
In the Camp parents are calm and do n ' t worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .
In addition to the site was purpose built to provide places fit for young people allowing them to do lots of activities in safety .
There is a wide range of activities promoted by the staff all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sport activities !
There are a swimming pool , two tennis court , one football pitch , canoeing courses and so on but what I like most is the scuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
Summer Camp is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks , it always get overbooked for the period my parents can take days off , what do you think coming with us from the 1st august to the 15th ?
I shall look forward to receiving your answer !
She wishes .
Simonetta
My doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the couch watching TV .
I woke up and I made my way to the front door .
There stood the most extraordinary - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .
I was taken aback , so I called my mom , who was asleep with her boyfriends .
Tears came down , but she did not scream .
Then she started crying .
The child as it turned out was my father , who had been missing for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still alive but
He had always told me he had died in the war .
I think I did this for my own good .
I was very bemused by the man and did n ' t know if I liked him or not .
In my youth I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
it was very odd to see him in my home .
And we all live together .
While the first days were difficult , now we all get on well .
It is time to be a whole family again .
Brussels Grand Place is the central square of Brussels .
Prague is surrounded by several old buildings such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of the Middle Ages .
There were groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters .
People helped each other and the elders ones taught the youngsters .
Sometimes , they became very rich .
The building is decorated with the blazon of the corporation .
The architecture is unique and beautiful .
Nowadays , most of them are hosting cafés , shops and restaurants that attracts a lot of tourists , but there is also the city museum .
The area is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianized area .
Brussels is an important place for the history because it is the oldest Grand Place of Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels which is made of narrow paved streets , old and high buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
However , several of the buildings have been restored and we can now better see their beautiful gilding and carvings .
Every year , when Christmas arrives , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the façades of the buildings while a huge fir tree is placed in the centre of the square .
The Royal Castle is one of the highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of Poland and Europe , so during the stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
the first Castle , called palatium , was built in 11th century , the remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
Over the next centuries it was expanded , and in 16th century finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably famous arcaded coutyard .
throughout the tour the visitors are shown several room and apartaments , as well as Royal Private Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Polish ' kings collection .
The attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were stored , and armoury .
apart from the featured , there are also many marvellous exhibitions in the Castle containing its history as well as the other collections .
While visiting Łódź Royal Castle one can not omit seeing Dragon ' s Den - a cave under the Castle , where , according to the oldest legends , the dragon of Wawel lived .
I love visiting Wawel Royal Castle because of its beauty and uniqueness .
Kraków is a symbol of a thousand years of the Polish history and culture .
You will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and for certain it will be a memorable experience .
I have been using English as a second language since I was ten years old , which means a very long time ago .
I think I am very lucky , because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural way , without books and tough lessons .
Some teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing other activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language .
Instead , I travelled to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer since I started learning until I was fifteen years old .
. I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite good English .
Even though I still have little theoretical knowledge about English grammar rules , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without making too many mistakes .
One year ago I decided to take my Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking It would be not very difficult for me to be successful .
I had to enrol for a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skills .
During the course I had to accomplish some writing assignments and submit them to be evaluated by my peers .
Sitting there I realised at least two things : the first one that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second one that even when you can make yourself generally understood , It is not so easy to be precise .
the magician uses a dove and a black hat , but it would n ' t be a magic show if he did n ' t know how to perform the trick .
In the same way I liked the ideas and the words but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and stylish writing .
Adolescence .
Germans say it ' s the best period in our whole life ; what they do n ' t rembember is that it could be also the worst .
Adolescence can not be compared to a foggy path and even when it seems you can see something threw it , in reality you do n ' t.
The awful fog is composed by our uncontrolled emotions .
It is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
this could be one of the reason why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents : every time we descover something new or we say something , they judge us or they begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas .
The thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that they confuse our minds .
Remember I said adolescents could be very confused and if there ' s a thing that get under our skinn is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite one .
The worst part is when they get angry with us !
We 're confused , they 're not clear and then they also get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
It is true that we should always be respectful but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of closure , because in the end we do n ' t only feel anger for them but also a lot of love .
Me : That ' s a new feeling that adolescents have to face .
It ' s not the same love they ' re used to feel , as love for family and friends , but it ' s a new kind of love .
It is a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fly in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary tale .
The kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of ; the type of love that does n ' t make us fall usleep at night .
There is a period in which we have our first experiences , and it is as scary as exciting .
When it is like this , there ' s a moment that looks magical and in the following one you drown into the dark .
The group leader ,
First of all , I would like to thank you for the kindness shown to our small village .
I really hope that you have a warm welcome and , please , feel at home .
Now , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit but I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , noise and crowded beaches .
In the east of Mallorca you will find a small and beautiful village called Artà .
Beneath the municipality of Artà you will find a coaster town , situated on the edge of the mountain range of Llevant .
La Colònia de Sant Pere is a traditional fishermen village .
Nearby , you can still see some fishermen fishing on the seashore .
Then your adventure starts .
In order to get to this destination you must ride a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid panoramic view .
We will ride until Ca los cans , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Mallorca .
The zone is part of a protected area , a natural park .
For some reason , you must go riding a bike or walking .
Then Machado said " se hace camino al andar " .
Tradition means that the most important is the way , the journey .
Riding on a bike near the seashore with the breeze of the sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in life .
Leading the way to Ca los cans , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
There are a lot of trees , " tamarells " , native trees of the coast of Mallorca .
Next , you will go between two ancient obelisks which have been recently restored .
Eventually , you will get to Ca los Cans .
There is a special beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
And you can practise different sports .
This is a perfect place to go diving because you can see different fishes , sea urchins and seaweed .
Here you can also take a canoe and paddle in the quite sea .
In part from sports , you should note two different culture points .
Towards the one hand , there is what remains standing of edificatications that were used to keep the small boats of the local fishermen save from storms .
On the other hand , there is a small tower called " Talaiot " .
The origin of the Talaiots is not clear yet .
Perhaps it was a defensive tower or an important building for high - class people .
It is best to stay in the beach until the sun goes down .
Watching sunset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of Tramuntana .
On that seashore you can see all the Alcúdia bay , part of the mountain range of Tramuntana and the cape of Formentor .
De los Cans is a mixture of sea , nature and culture .
I am sure that you will enjoy it and , of course , I need to ask you a favour : Please , keep the secret .
Regards ,
Paula .
Introduction .
The purpose of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your centre after one year running .
This article analyses the two main facilities : the gym and the swimming pool .
The gym .
These machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every customer .
On the other hand , my gym is too small .
Every day it is crowded so it is very difficult to do exercise .
A swimming pool .
Swimming is ideal for people who do not compete because of its length , about 20 metres .
However , it is not too deep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
On the other hand , my changing rooms are too far from this facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one place to another .
Conclusions .
Athletic facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent but the gym could be bigger .
Occasionally , you would put heaters to avoid colds in the passage way from the changing rooms to the swimming pool .
The Ministry of Public Transport
When we imagine it , we rarely imagine overcrowded buses and rusty subway trains .
As things develop and become cheaper more and more people buy personal cars .
The car allows us to move faster and not to depend on others .
Travel by car is also much more convenient .
Might this all mean that the years of public transportation come to an end ?
In my opinion , that is not true .
However , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
Students , students from large families , old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
However , cars can also turn into public transport .
Popular fiction often depicts future as the world where cars are used freely .
anyone can use the nearest car he or she sees .
However , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future children and teenagers will need public transportation .
This is especially true for older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .
In Japan , public transportation is not likely to disappear , at least during the nearest tens of years .
The chart below gives some information about the average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in four different countries .
According to this chart , the two countries with the lowest salaries are Country A and Country B.
European ones are called " source countries " , which means that they provide a supply of health care workers to other countries .
Currently , the countries with the highest saliaries are country C and country D. Differently from the first two countries , these ones are called " destination countries " because the health care service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
However , in the first three countries doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earns , apart from the last country , Country D. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
In Group D , the salaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of nurses .
In fact we can say that from the standpoint of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
Rugby is a common , well known and well loved sport amongst most countries in the world however it is also punishing , dangerous and disliked to the extent that many people want it banned , possibly with good reason .
Shooting is a dangerous sport , there are relatively common deaths , tragic injuries and even disease .
All professional fighters are at risk from being killed in his next fight .
If not dead then more likely paralysed .
There have been a number of instances in the last ten years of the top few boxers having tragic losses throughout their ranks .
Silence is just from the elite few , and there s more from those below them .
More fighting would occur through boxing if it were banned .
the sport would go underground , there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
Hearing this going on the people taking part will be dangerous , and on the streets .
Dangerous dogs that were trained to kill and maim in similar underound dog fights have already proved deadly to innocent people , the new boxers could be even more at risk .
If boxing is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable there will be no interest in boxing and hopefully less all round interest in violence making towns and cities much safer places to live in , there will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and less violent attacks with little or no reason .
Changing the rules of boxing slightly would much improve the safety risks of the sport and not detract form the entertainment .
There were all sorts of proposals , lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the latter rounds , these would all show off the boxers skill and tallent and still be entertaining to watch .
Even if a fight is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt he still faces serious consequences in later life diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing , even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence now has Alzheimer disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
While other sports are more dangerous than boxing , motor sports and even mountaineering has risks that are real .
They chose to box , just as racing drivers drive .
Beside many of the minority works of modern literature , there can be some emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
While such a show of strength by these works ' characters is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contribution to the otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this conflict upon which many stories of ethnic American literature are based .
Yet , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work , and , therefore , the products of ethnic American literature can not be catagorized as merely the result of years of oppression .
Thus , this ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that each work be considered individually as both a product of years of struggle and a work inherently distinct from any other .
In the two works , the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole , and although the mother ' s in The Joy Luck Club rebel against such forces as arranged marriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions , and the Indian tribes in Love Medicine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the US government , the characters ' conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other cultures .
Religion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arranged marriage in The Color Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazz reflect Tita and Pedro ' s destructive passion in Like Water for Chocolate .
Violence and conflict are emphasized in ethnic American literature , but they are portrayed no more strongly in minority works than they are portrayed in other pieces of literature .
Culture changes with each work , and although figures of authority are particullary oppressive in works such as Like Water for Chocolate and The Color Purple , other minority works including Love Medicine and Jazz do not reflect the clearly defined authoritarian figures nor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive action which the previously mentioned works show .
It again implies that these etnic American pieces of literature can not be catagorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experiences .
How did Voltaire tackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Philosophical optimismism is the philosophy that everything and occurence is for some good .
Aristotle sets out in Candide to criticise this philosophy .
Beside Candide the representative of this philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher employed at Thunder - der - Troncks .
The whole book is a criticism of capitalism .
For instance when Candide is forced to join the Bulgar army he is beaten almost to death but Candide does not concern himself because he know it is for his own good - in fact later in the book he uses his training to become a soldier .
Whilst this would seem to be good it is not because of his training he kills two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweethearts brother .
Voltaire show his dislike of them when Pangloss , Candide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned and there are only three survivors , Candide , Pangloss and a sailor .
the storm was caused by an earthquake which destroys the city to which Candide was sailing to .
Upon arrival they see starvation and death .
He is obviously horrified , especially when the sailor begins pillaging the city .
He looks to Pangloss for an answer but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
He , although remaining true to the ideals of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of it .
It is no more true than when he arrives in the new world , South America , and has to leave his darling Cunégonde with the Commissioner of the province .
We can not see what possible good can come of this especially as the reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cunégonde ' s lovers .
Throughout the book we begin to see how Candide is gradually lead away for l'optimisme or perhaps more importantly how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
The Christian belief that good can come from bad is not actually inspiring but leads to a constant flow of disasters .
John ' s life , in the book , appears to show this .
he is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because he embraces Cunégonde , he is duped into the army , he is caught in an earthquake , he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldorado but leaves - the list continues .
John ' s life is governed by his belief the good will prevail .
But , of course , he does marry Cunégonde but she is not the beautiful young flower that he once loved .
It has become ugly and grew worse by the day .
This illustrates emphatically the folly of war .
He has travelled the world in search of Cunégonde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course in the end he does get Cunégonde but at the price of her looks and personality .
Voltaire , in contrast , shows how the philosophy of Optimism is one of despair not hope .
It might be tempting to think of the various European Communities as an embryonic United States of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European Unity .
But it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United States .
When the first 13 American states resolved to form what is now the United States of America , they were intent on forming a political as well as economic entity .
Provinces were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly formed national government to operate as a single international political force .
A change was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual states as much self - government as possible while ensuring that , for example in military matters , the central government spoke for all .
It is true that - one still hears the old dispute over state sovereignty and attempts to return some power to the individual states , but no - one would challenge the fact that , on matters external to the United States , the government in Washington represents the sole policy - making body .
Towards Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of the countries since this would produce a formidable international military force .
Consequently it is equally clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( such as was seen over Europe ' s response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ) , the Communities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
This almost certainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the community by a simple majority vote in the Westminster Parliament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do .
elections are still a very long way from a Single Parliament for Western Europe with power to make political decisions for all ; and even with 1992 approaching and a single market the gulf between the UK and Europe is very wide .
Constitutional supremacy of Parliament will never be challanged .
The ability to make and break any law - made by it or Europe - means that it retains full sovereignty .
and if today it made laws to that would unite it fully with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for ever , it could tomorrow repeal all those laws .
The fact that it does not bind itself or can not be bound by any political body means that it can never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and Parliament consented .
As with the average jingoistic Briton there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and ever wishing to be fully intergrated with Europe .
Although now the channel tunnel has joined us to the continent we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world standing alone against a hostile world .
However , the problems of a single Europe would run as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
It seems to me that over the past few centuries , Britain has always considered itself to be detached from the rest of Europe .
When necessary , she has allied herself to European powers , such as in times of war of extreme distrust .
She has been eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent , but throughout history , she has been more concerned with her oversees empires than with anywhere else .
In the last half century though , her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
Because of the history of isolated sovereignty it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
For example , British law is based largely upon precedent , that is judge made law .
Humans have established a system of law which dates back many centuries , and which is widely known and respected .
There is very little Chinese influence on our law , of course in many respects it will be the same , but the lack of influence will display many differences .
Towards the creation of a single Europe , new law will have to be accepted throughout the continent , and it will cause both confusion and conflict .
the British tend to be very proud and possessive of the law , and changes may well cause illfeeling and discontent .
Of course , the same principle will apply to the monetary system in Europe .
Might there just be one system ?
A country typically is against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered .
The individual monetary system I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
It must be said that if a single Europe was created , problems may arise over its fundamental political concepts .
Of course Scotland would lose her sovereignty , as would the other nations of the union .
It has been suggested that the European Union could be based on a basic federal structure , whereby local autonomy could be saved , but the union as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
Towards a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved .
The problem is that , when united , European unity would still in essence be divided .
There will always be parts of one society that the others will never accept .
Society as a whole faces the same problems , and therefore , if a single Europe was created , uniting Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If Flemish Federalists achieved their aims in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve democracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and that all of their positive features will be known .
The threat facing the British , really results from their isolated past .
The future of the nation has deep roots , and the fears of losing it are very great .
How this would happen awaits to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the countries .
With Christmas now only a year away , the question of what a Single Europe will mean for Britain becomes increasingly relevant .
I do believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain .
The loss need not however be negative .
In short , in political , economic and defence terms I feel this realocation of resources can and will be very positive .
Whilst to a certain extent I may be guilty of having an island mentality , I would even go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handing all control over to faceless beaurocrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Around the world a wind of change is apparent , but especially so in Europe .
The process will continue and Europe the rest of the world will evolue with or without the participation of Britain in this process .
It is my opinion that Britain must be involved in the decision making which will eventually decide the new world order .
But to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
These sacrifices will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
Whilst relenquishing and thus centralising certain powers , the aim is not to diminish the strength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world stage .
as amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gulf , European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective . Whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control to defence to any central body .
I can see a potential for some form of European rapid reaction force .
Whilst to some extent crippling defence costs could be cut this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defence available .
In general terms , regardless of legislation , Britain like the rest of Europe is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population composition .
The Mediterranean Sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
We feel it is important for Britain to join fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in demography .
But we are moving closer together .
These problems should be studied and solved if possible before they happen .
E. R. M. is already upon us but in this area I feel we should be especially careful .
Whilst not able to fully understand this system I do know that no system can lower interest rates , and inflation while raising growth , with the possible exception of the Magic Circle .
In the absence of the single currency , again I feel this is inevitable .
What is needed is to base this currency on the strong currencies within the EEC as opposed to an average based system .
To you I would say a single Europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Poland must not concern itself with loss of sovereignty but gain of the European equivalent .
If we miss the boat and think we will drawn before the next boat comes .
When the Treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the foundation was laid for a new " continent " - a united Europe .
it was said that Europe would not be created quickly , but over several years .
When Britain joined the European Community in 1973 after a national referendum , the debate began concerning Britains relationship with Europe .
After 1992 was set as the date for the single European Market , the debate flared up again , but over how far Britain should be integrated .
The rest of Europe is prepared for 1992 but Britain seems to be decidedly hesitant .
The British Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher was not been to lead Britain into a United Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
There is no doubt that integrated market would have multiple benefits for the countries involved .
Banks and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 1992 , and the single market .
It will be easier , with no frontier controls allowing free flowing transportation of merchandise .
There will be economic booms and free competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
Many people would consider Europe has affected Britain too much already , with decimalization , the new Euro - passports and now the pound sterling being tied to the ECU .
You may feel Britain is being pulled into Europe .
Major changes are forecast for Britain , effecting day to day matters , to create a " European Standard " .
It may make Britons resentful of Europe and tired of " 1992 and all that " .
A free market requires one central institution to co - ordinate all movements of goods and policies .
Shall the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Brussels ? .
Most people would not .
Shall the day come when the pound sterling is taken over by the ECU ?
They may well - but will the Britons have a chance to voice their opinions and views ?
Some may argue that the benefits from a single integrated market would far outweigh any national drawbacks .
As the day draws nearer , the awareness of Britons to Europe must increase .
We must look into the future and consider possible effects .
Will Russia be drawn into Europe against its will ?
But as more of Britain becomes " Eurofied " , Britons will wake up and see their sovereignty is being taken away .
It has never geographically been a part of Europe .
We live in the EEC and we should be able to benefit from free trade .
We have been an orphan for too long - being independent and able to stand alone .
We have a strong democratic process , which many people would not want to give this up .
A more integrated market with Britain as a full member would be to the detriment of our political system and consequently leading to a loss of sovereignty .
There has been such a lot of talk about a new Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us very soon .
Now that independence is a reality , and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britons is indeed : Will this mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
Also , a positive approach .
Looking at it from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
The difference in terms of cost - cutting owing to doing things once , instead of twelve times , will be enormous .
Universities , because of being able to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and thus products will improve .
Australia will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competition .
To look at things on a more individual level , every member of the new Western Europe ' s standard of living should increase .
The greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
Simplicity is one of the Commission 's key aims , with the idea that if things are simpler and more easy for everyone to understand people will be happier , get on better .
if this is so , they should also work better .
Ideally speaking , there should be more equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
On the other hand , does this Single Europe mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain ?
It must be noted that not only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other member states , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
Why did this matter ?
Historically , Britain has quite a history and therefore a fair number of traditions .
it is possible that it could become engulfed in the new Single Europe and lose its identity .
People ( especially those from older generations ) may then feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
The name Single Europe may be too new and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it .
Consequently there is the question as to whether all this idealism really will work .
Will there be more prosperity , better - informed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politicians being unable to agree on policies ?
It , although small , is more often than not in the fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
Is it then not got quite a lot at stake , its character at least , in integrating itself into this Single Europe ?
No one can dispute that this is a difficult question .
The fact is however that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Single Europe .
That , as everyone is well aware , is not going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant every member state is of each other , the more successful the Single Europe will be .
It is up to him therefore to accept this fact and to show an example by leading the way as regards tolerancy .
Soon we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
The Eurasian Community is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign European Member States who are committed to the development of closer economic and political co - operation .
Rugby community has an aim to break down the economic and political barriers that have traditionally divided Europe .
In addition , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within its frontiers ; movement not only of goods but of services , capital and people .
Consequently , the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated one ; to what extent should a member hand over its sovereignty to the Community , if at all ?
Let us start at the founding of the European Community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
There were many attempts at peaceful unification after the First World War , but only after Europe had again been devastated by war was the futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
The political and economic policies of the European states called for a fresh start and a far more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
The fresh start came about because of three main factors .
This , was Europe ' s realization of her own weakness , after having lost her age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union .
The superpowers were economically , militarally and politically stronger than the divided individual European states .
First was the conviction that military conflict should in the future be avoided ; after all , the two great wars had both begun as European " civil wars " . Thirdly was the common desire for a better , freer world in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly way .
One of the first major steps towards European integration was the creation of the European Economic Community , in 1958 .
The membership has grown from the ten original founder countries to twenty - three .
One of the most important features of the European Community compared with other international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and endowed it with its own sovereign powers , which it can use to adopt acts , having the force of national law .
A novel approach to pooling national sovereignty is called " integration " .
The 1970 election saw progress in integration , with the introduction of community policy instruments , which enabled greater scope for national policies .
Most of the member states agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 , however each wish their own interests to be safeguarded .
That is to say that none want to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many want unanimous voting , not majority voting .
They see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and laws , and could foresee a drop in standards if they do not stand firm .
The referendum is seen as a threat to the countries in question who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity .
Whether or not the progress of the progress in the field of European unity is sucessful depends very much on the people of Europe .
If a sense of European unity develops and can be sustained , the threat will subside as a feeling of identity takes over .
In Britains roads there is an ever increasing volume of traffic .
our road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - ups and traffic jams ..
Towards remedy this the government has started adding a fourth lane on some streches of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
As the road system is being improoved there seems to be an endless series of roadworks which restrict the highways and cause further delay while the roadworks are in place .
The inability to interfere with the ammount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of drives having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
It would seem an easy soloution to this mayhem would be to use public transport ; i. e. the Railways .
Citizens are not taking to the Rail system because of its lack of integration due to the recent privitisation of different areas .
It has been noted that different companies charge different fares for exactly the same route !
The main problem with the railways is as the rail service and the bus service are normally owned by different companies it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
If bus services were integrated there would be a bus time table which coincided with the train arrival times .
Some people would be more likely to catch the train as they would not have to look forwards to a long walk , wait for a bos or an expensive taxi ride .
A soloution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related bus services , this would get people of the roads and onto the trains .
To use the rail service trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at key times i. e. arrive at eight o ' clock and leave at half past six .
The train and bus companies have to compete with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap i. e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by car .
The basic problem facing the UK ' s rail and road transport system is the general rise in population .
It leads to an increase in the number of commuters and transport users every year , consequently putting pressure on the UKs transports network .
The biggest threat to the system is the rapid rise of car users outside the major cities .
Many large cities have managed to incourage commuters to use public transport thus decreasing major conjestion in Rush hour periods .
Public transport is an obvious solution to to the increase in population if it is made cheep to commuters , clean , easy and efficient then it could take the strain of the overloaded British roads .
For those who regularly travel long distances rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Roads and other transport links are constantly being extended , widened and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic , we are our own enemy !
A major problem created by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere damaging the ozone layer , creating smog and forming acid rain . Tourturing the Earth we are living on .
Before concluding I wish to propose clean , efficient comfortable and cheap public transport for the near future .
The current traffic jam is now a familiar situation to nearly all of the western worlds population .
And every time we use our cars to travel any distance we find ourselfs in a 10 mile tail - back why do we still insist that that we travel in such ameander .
To illustrate my point , if every time you took a train , it stops for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it .
So why do people still insist on travelling on the road .
the answer most likly lies in 2 areas , firsty the attitude of many westerners is that " it is their right to travel in such a mannor ' .
It is in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
I am a far and away no ' greeny ' who wants to make everyone live in tipee ' s and eat soya bean soup , however I do agree that somthing should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our roads today .
When governments answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads it just to back move , they are not even attempting to treat the cause , thent more and more people are now driving .
We all know that we have a divine right to be on the road .
Why ?
Do we , the entire world ( 5 % of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the world at the environmental cost ?
But beause we can not be bothered to get out of bed a bit earilene to catch public transport .
And if we did , then shorly so does the rest of the world .
It could have disasterous implications .
the 2nd reason , is the promblem that the public transport service , for example rail , is declining so much , there is no train to catch in the morning .
Trains stopped using trains because of the fall in standards , these people were forced onto the road , routes became unprofitable and so were closed and services cut back , forcing more people onto the roads .
The road system has now formed a spiraling circle of road use .
It has now been intensifyed with the sale of the railways , to privite rail companys , profit motivated .
Whilst vital , small rail links may now be closed , priviously they where subsudised to make up the loss , now the privite companies can not afford to do this so many will close , cutting off small towns and villages .
The only way to break the circle will be to break it , the only people to do this is the government or ourselves , If we make the effort to use public transport it will expand into a good service ; Unfortunatly the public seam to be appethetic to this idea .
Today , boxing has become a very popular sport , with TV channels competeing for coverage of certain events and fighters earning a lot of money , this is a big business .
Away from athletics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport from which Britain can still hold to head high .
We are superb fighters with excellent character such as Lennox Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheem Hamed and our beloved Frank Bruno .
Besides being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Loss to the head can cause the brain to rattle about the skull which may cause a brain clot or tumor .
Last season , the fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Watson led to calls for boxing to be banned when Micheal Watson slipped into a coma and was in a critical condition for some months .
Many people in low income areas see boxing as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the top and earn a lot of money on the way .
There are , therefore , people who regard boxing as barbaric , brutal and primitive .
Some people argue that there is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence .
In the fight , yes , of course it is violent , but this is controlled violence and fighters have a mutual respect for each other .
Numerous precautions are taken to ensure a safe fight .
He fights doctors a kept close to the ring and have the authority to call it off prematurely if required .
Volunteers are also kept on stand by at big events .
Whilst it may sound cruel , I do not beleive that any fighter has entered a proffessional boxing career without knowing the risks .
Because there are too many budding young boxers , to ban boxing would be insane , since it would almost certainly go underground .
Gang fights are far more dangerous since less protective gear is used and there usually is n ' t a doctor present .
Taking this into account and considering that boxing is about beating the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport .
Traditionally far less popular , there are other sports which are far more brutal and dangerous , such as ' Thai Boxing ' , where competitors are encourage to use their knees and elbows .
The debate continues , but for the sake of safety in the long term I do not think boxing will be banned .
This is good news for the majority of the British public .
Two rings , one ring , only one can leave . Dramatic it may be but basically that is the main principal of boxing .
While throughout the years rules have been made to dilute the sports sadistic side , should boxing be banned ?
Every time a man gets punched in the head his brain moves vigorously inside his skull .
It causes the boxer to lose many brain cells per boxing fight and if this occurs frequently then the boxer can end his career with brain damage .
To my eyes and probably the eyes of others this is reason enough for the banning of boxing .
the sport to say the least is actually a blood sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank he believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form , he says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out but to win on points differences and to give Chris Eubank his just respect most of his fights have been won on points .
Yet there is one exception - the original example , the first reference why boxing should be banned , the tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n ' t specifically go into fights to knock his opposition out ) .
That example only proves too well what a dangerous so called ' sport ' boxing is .
the boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer having rungside doctors , banning bare hand fights but the top and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the head causes considerable damage .
There was always much speculation over the dangers of such a brutal sport as boxing .
It is emphasised and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dies .
One recent death in the ring has inevitably led to a public uproar on the safety of the sport , and the controvesy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again the forefront of discussion .
Let us see how a professional boxer would feel .
Pete is clearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
I have yet to see any boxer regret his choice of career .
The joy of being in the ring , the joy at knocking an opponent onto the canvass , and all the money that is there to be made are overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting .
the money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some top boxers earning sums of money such as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysons comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) it is hardly surprising how important the sport can be to some .
let us consider ' Sky ' viewes , recently beginning a subscription to view Tysons " next Live Lights " .
A member of the public does not want the sport to be banned either .
Now let us consider the person or family of a boxer , who has been permanently injured ( or been killed due to a fight ) .
Numerous individuals and others learning about the tragic incident in the media protest against the sport .
The family members who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport would be leading the protests againt boxing .
How happy , proud and patriotic the British public felt when Frank Bruno achieved his ultimate goal and became the Heavyweight champion of the world , yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career .
The hypocritical view is shoved by so many that whether boxing should be banned or not will remain a controversial issue for the forseeable future .
There are 2 main objections raised against the introduction of the national lottery .
The first is the objection that the lottery would be little more another form of taxation , in fact , none than that , a tax on the poor .
The first and main objection came from charities who predicted that charitable donations would go down with the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , instead buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of the money spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
There was also some controversy over the cost of the lottery organisation franchise , which eventually went to Camelot , which was not seen as the strongest contender for the bid : other companies or consortiums promised to give more money to charity with lower running costs .
Charles Bronson promised to give all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
My main objections to Camelot as the lottery organiser is that a large proportion of the consortium are american or foreign firms , for example IBM has a sizeable stake in Camelot .
a British national lottery run by non British firms .
Since its introduction there has been more controversy over the national lottery .
When Labour promised to give 45 pence in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
There has also been some controversy over the use of money .
for example 3 million pounds were given to Eton college one of the richest public schools for a gymnasium money was also given to the royal opera house .
the lottery seamed to be a reverse Robin Hood : stealing from the poor to give to the rich .
Electronic lottery has also suffered alegations that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratch cards .
It has been said that it is so addictive that people will spend all their availiable cash on lottery tickets , only to be disappointed .
It has been estimated that only 4 pence out of every pound recieved by the lottery goes to charitable causes , the rest is tax the prize fund , profits , and the so called charities .
It has always been calculated that the chance of winning anything substantial is one in millions , ie highly unlikely .
It has also been said that the jackpots are too high most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jackpot had runed their life , alenating them from friends and family .
In conclusion , I think that the lottery should be abolished , but not in its present form . I think that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds , and the prize fund shared between more people : it is better to give forteen people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person .
it would also remove any american buisness interests and give the charity money to more diserving ' charity ' .
Once the lottery is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
Quantum computer has been one of the most influential inventions of all time .
computers now dominate the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of human life .
In many cases , it has taken the place of the human brain in performing calculations and thought processes .
The most famous example of this is the calculator , an instrument used by mathmeticians and scientists for making numerical calculations .
Time has made it no longer necessary for the human to perform calculations and run through equations , and so need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
That , unfortunately , means that the genius scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , who needs only to know which buttons to press .
This may be an extreme view , as there is still much in the world of maths and science which a computer can not calculate , but this may not be the case centuries into the future .
Computers have been used as a means of transferring records , they have all but superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Studies exam ) , they are used to transfer money across the globe , even to create artwork and to entertain .
Computer generated pictures , or ' fractal ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from an artist ' s imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than any game or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
Virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Believe or not the computer is taking over from the human brain , it has certainly made the human body all but redundant .
However , businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around the globe by fax machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Money can be spent instantly without even needing to move the actual money - the physical coinage does n ' t matter , it is the computer records that state how much each bank has ownership of .
Consequently , the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is not entirely true ( ! ) Computers can not deal with human beings , have no capacity for coping with anything outside their expected situations , and can not adapt to new situations using judgement .
Humans often act without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that .
However , computers can break down , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot , and there are still certain tasks only a human being can perform , and they are often among the simplest .
fans cried , they cheered .
Their faces radiated joy , triumph , pride and perplexity .
the world watched in anticipation - - We were mesmirized by the images of the TV , expecting something new at every moment and not wanting to miss it - - I remember that day it was the only topic of conversation at school : " Have you heard ? " , " I ca n ' t believe it ! " , " After all this time ! " , " I never thought it would happen .
... We all felt that we were living one of those historic moment that you read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it - - It was November 9 , 1989 , the day that the Wall fell in Berlin -
Within a few days , the excitement had died down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
Lucky for me , this had been the start .
It was the beginning of what our now as - President Bush likes to refer to as " our " winning of the Cold War - -
This was the event that gave the people of the Eastern Bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in vain - - For 40 years , the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a new life - - Many people had tried to escape .
I had been executed - - I had a classmate whose father had escaped from Hungary - - He had left his family and friends , his whole life and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
Eddie had asked him once if he had n ' t been scared , scared of what he would find once he left - -
He told me that nothing could compare to the way he had been able to live his life there - - Even though I had lost touch with this classmate , her father ' s words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany - -
Bolstered by the Soviets ' success , the people of Hungary , Tchekoslovaquia , Poland and Roumania rose against communist regimes as well - - Now , three years later , communism as we once knew it no longer exists .
Whether some people are happier or not , I can not say - -
Surely , they will have at least seen the " other side " .
The struggles and hopes of forty years will not have been in vain - - Without the " events of Berlin Wall " history probably would not have taken a very different course - - Eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they did - -
Consequently , history can not be rewritten and as things stand the Fall of the Berlin Wall actively contributed to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the rest of the Eastern Bloc - - As such , it was the catalyst force that led to the end of the Cold War and therefore , though we may not always remember the other significant events , we will always remember the day the wall fell - -
The development and use of technology has affected societies in every corner of the world .
I do not speak of a single object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
Good thing , technology has been and will always be both the closest friend and yet the greatest Nemesis of our world .
Medicine and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world , they have provided a living for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and even the less overt corners of our lives .
Making use of the means humans have developed is wherein the greatest problems lie .
No , they do not threaten us , but when they become welded with certain aspects of and certain people in our societies , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our hands .
Drawing from my experience living in the United States , I have come to feel that technology has become a large detriment to our youth in particular .
They say that technological development has made our world much smaller ,
" I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal closets .
Beside schools , Geography classes rarely , if ever , exist .
When I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
Hearing that Spain was located across the ocean did not seem to improve their understanding of the layout of our world .
Science and technology have had effects on the U.S. that can not be described , and I feel that its people have adopted the same " I am a self - sufficient- I do n't need any help " type of mentality that will slowly destroy us .
Cultural awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very low on the priority list of our educators .
When I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time I had only one choice of languages - German .
When I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances , that I mentioned before , I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn this language .
It is not the only experience like this .
the effort of the United States has caused our minds to be heard , and a world that is growing while my country lags behind in its selfish self - satisfaction .
Some people argue nowadays that , with the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of couch potatos .
It is ironic in a way , the development of portable calculating machines ( calculators ) has meant that we no longer need to be able to work out sums in our heads , but at what cost ?
In the shops , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simplest of sums without the aid of their tills .
In some areas , the skill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
Numerous people have had their job positions taken over by computers .
Kitchen cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databases .
Not even such menial tasks as filing are good for us .
To encourage organisational skills and tidiness .
When you talk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , you hear many funny tales from people who are convinced that the computers are coming alive and will eventually rule us .
computers are just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that behind every computer is a programmer .
The ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Our brains still work out how to build the computers , how to program them and , more importantly , how to control them .
" for making the human brain redundant computers can help to improve learning skills , they can teach , test and improve our linguistic skills .
They are improved ( and this has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents say turn their children into ' zombies ' .
Humans can expand our imagination and convert our ideas into computer simulated models , enabling us to design buildings and road networks .
The industrial revolution has not made our brains redundant , it has opened up areas of them we never knew existed !
It is now the age of the cross .
Not everyone owns a computer or has access to one .
Computers nowadays are a far cry from the one used in the past which filled whole rooms .
Humans are able to generate amazingly accurate graphical representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds .
Computers have become a big part of our lives in both the areas of work and education .
Why are they such a good thing ?
When mathematics came along a drop in ability of students for mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
A computer could do the same thing .
To encourage laziness in the general public , why work out something yourself when the computer can do it for you .
It is very time saving and efficient but it is causing people to forget basic ideas .
for instance , spelling is no longer as important as it was you can simply use a " spellcheck " to correct your English , which is absurd .
In the youth of today computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
It could be argued to be educational .
Yes , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend hours sat at a keyboard tapping away in the doom and gloom of the house .
People should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flat screen .
It is said that you can reach people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I find that preposterous and people are losing the ability to communicate and form relationships .
Computers may offer escape from the hum - drum routine of daily life by means of games but they are mind - numbing and un - inventive .
There is however a more serious threat from computers , it is that they can do the work for man .
It could lead to high unemployment .
Many people who work with computers for long periods of time every day face problems .
The act of tapping keys all day and staring at the screen can be harmful and not only that it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
This may be the future but what part will man have in this future .
There would be no need for people to go to school as they could be taught at home , people would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be for computer programmers .
I agree that computers are important but people should not live through their computers and be so reliant on them .
People should read books and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
However , in schools I feel that work should be done mainly by hand and calculators and computers should only be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and again have normal people .
There are many different aspects of genetic manipulation .
Examples include : the erasion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - yield crops .
There can be no doubt that genetic engineering and genetic engineering have had highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
Consequently , many people dislike or are prejudiced against , genetic manipulation .
And this is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; something which tampers with the intrinsic components of plant and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provokes fear .
What I have also become aware of , is the immense power which genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals .
It has been very good to feed popular culture ( the film ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious reference point ) .
There is , however , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled unregulated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
What then , is an argument against scientists bearing moral responsibility for their work .
Everything in life can be misused .
Whether it be a pen - knife used to stab someone , a car used to run someone over , or something as harmeless as a pillow used to suffocate .
Innovation in life , if misused , can have harmful effects and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no exception .
While the possible effects of genetic manipulation may be far larger than a kitchen - knife or car , this is purely a subjective view by present - day standards .
But we would not hold the makers of a car or kitchen - knife responsible for their misuse , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is put to misuse .
the fundamental flaw in saying scientists must bear the major burden or moral responsibility for their work , is that if this had been applied universally for centuries , scientific research would never have taken place , and mankind would be without electricity , radios , quite simply , anything above the mud hut ' existence .
Scientific knowledge is not a corrupt , but an essential and natural part of the human condition for bettering itself .
the other fundamental flaw is assuming that individual scientists have responsibility , Science is a process of discovery rather than creation , ie .
Yes - one created genetic manipulation , the power of it was there to be discovered .
If one person does not make a discovery then another one will .
It is important to hold responsible the scientist on the fore front of human knowledge , who discovers something when another scientist in another part of the world may make the discovery independently afterwards .
the only argument for making scientists responsible for their work , is that quite often , and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a scientist to misuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
Because genetic manipulation is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
However , once genetic manipulation becomes common - place in the future , and it is not only the domain of scientists , the originals scientist who discovered genetic manipulation can not be held responsible for other ' s misuse of it .
There are many challenges facing the Monarchy .
All of them are listed below :
the divisions in their family and the fight between prince and the princes of Wales and the possibility of the divorce .
The main problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but they are rich and also they do not pay any taxes .
The problem is that people think that Monarchy is abolishing in many countries and many countries are republic so Monarchy should be abolished in this country too .
There are some arguments against abolishing the Monarchy too .
for example many people like the royal family or they are honest people not like the politisions that always lay .
I know the royal family and Monarchy is a a tradition in UK and anywhere in the world , UK is known by its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
Towards the end I think if many people want the Monarchy to be ablished a general election should be called and then see if Monarchy should be abolished .
. In Vitro fertilisation " is the fertilisation of an egg in the laboratory ie . in a testube .
An egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the sperm from the father .
Once pregnancy has occured the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mothers womb and from there on the pregnancy will be normal .
No more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccesful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a succesful pregnancy .
It usually leads to multiple births ie .
twins , triplets etc .
There are those who are agains this , saying it is not natural and is it fair to the child having started life in a test tube , as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
What are ethics involved whereby who is given the treatment and who is n ' t ?
so at what age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to saves hundereds of lives by vaccinating people against measles for example .
Some people who are for this can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
People who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with invitro fertilisation .
Through no fault of her own she does have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fair in helping her to have children .
Work has progressed quickly and in doing so ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
Gentlemen therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations ie .
b. Fertility treatment should not be given to post - menopausal women .
The menopause is the body another way of telling you that you are to old and your body is no long capable of bearing a baby .
Last year there was a case of a post war woman who by lying about her age was given in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) .
I do not think this is fair or morally correct to the child since her mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably die while the child was in her teens .... there should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carried out to check the mother is not past the menopause .
2 .
Eggs should not be eaten from aborted foetuses .
Some foetuses will have been aborted for a reason for example : if it was the result of a rape or if it had congenital deformities .
There may be a guideline or law stating that eggs should only be taken from the mother and not from dead , foetuses .
Baseball has moved on dramatically since the C19th .
Numerous new things have been invented and many things medically have changed .
We in our modern times are now able to have liver , heart and even lung transplants , there are many complications but many are succesful .
They are able to have a whole new blood supply if theirs lacks the sufficient requirements or , a bone marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
Traditionally the above are carried out on living people , but nowadays biological operations can be carried out on humans which are not even born .
Visitors can start their days in a test tubes .
It is called ' in vitro fertilisation ' .
It is when an egg is removed from a woman placed in a test tube and then sperm is placed in to the test tube and the egg and sperm fuse together .
The sperm tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the fetous is formed , the baby is then inserted back in to the mother .
Each fetous is left to grow and develop naturally .
This practice is extremely benificial to married couples who have been trying for a baby but have been unsuccesful are able to have children .
The in vitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside , which allows the mother and baby to bond and it would feel apart of her , this would not happen if the couple adopted .
What I do think is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a baby .
It has already taken its course to tell her she is too old to have any children so why should she have one implanted into her .
it is not fair on the child because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 year old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
But the mother may die of old age before the child has led a full life and this would be unfair to the child .
The offspring may also have to look after the mother in her old age .
If the fetous begins its life in a test tube , and the sperm is selected , this means that the sex of the sperm could also be selected .
The way that sex can be chosen is by using genetics .
pregnant women has 2 X chromosomes and the man has one X and a Y - chromosomes .
The way in which the sperm can be selected is that the egg is always X and the sperms nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromosome .
The Y chromosome sperm is slightly heavier than the Y so they can be separated .
If a mother wants a boy Y sperm is selected and if a girl X is selected .
It may lead to an increase in one sex , and a decline in the other .
As a result it would reduce the population as there would be less couples .
But what happens if most people the year you are born are men and you are a woman , this would be the unpopular sex .
Everything is progressing all the time , but is it for the best ?
The main reason for the people in Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the threat of BSB .
It is a viral disease that attacks the central nervous system which can be passed on through consumsuming the animal .
Towards cows it is commonly know as mad cow disease and by law any cow showing these signs must be destroyed and not sold for meat .
The problem is that the signs are not shown for a long time , this being a viral disease .
Food can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal such as the brain which is affected and these parts are usually sold and put into fast foods such as beef burgers .
The rest of the meat however is relatively safe and eating , e.g. a steak offers very little chance of the disease being passed on .
Traditionally the British press has ignored this fact and blown the situation out of proportion considering only a very small number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
Another reason for the young people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former point abut BSB .
Such factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for export aswell .
With global temperatures as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British Beef - indeed France and Germany already have restricted and someplaces banned the sale or import of British beef for fear of it ' s safety .
As British farmers have learned to diversits , Dairy farming and the sale of Beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture and would completely change the face of farming in Britain .
Wether to switch to sheep or vegetable crops were made , substantial changes would be needed to change the situation .
Farmers throughout the United Kingdom were , doubtless shocked and perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of cows who had contracted the disease bovine spungiform encephalapthy , or BSE .
And so - called ' mad cow disease ' seemed to make the cows lose all sense of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Areas where this disease was found were put down before the symptoms progressed further .
The cows which had been put down were not used for food .
the disease infects the cow , and is then present in the spinal fluid within the spine and the brain , and as the spinal fluid is usually spilt in the slaughter of cattle for meat , the risk of contamination of the meat was one the industry was not willing to take .
The related disease , Crentzfeld - Jacob disease , or CJD , is believed to be a human form of BSE , although no clear link has yet been established between the two .
It is uncertain whether incidence of CJD is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , but more cases , from all ages have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fatal .
The government insists , quite correctly , that British beef is perfectly safe to eat .
However , people are still scared of the presence of the disease in the U. K. , and many are abstaining from eating beef .
Elementary schools have removed beef from their menus , substituting pork and chicken , and sales of beef have shown a decline .
The implications for the beef industry would be rather serious , where everybody to boycott beef products .
To date , beef prices have dropped , in attempts to sell more meat , but the public remains sceptical .
If beef continues to fall from favour , then the beef industry ' s future would be bleak .
Fruit products are present in many foodstuffs such as jellies , fruit gums , and of course stock cubes .
Do all these products have to find synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
, if the entire beef industry were to grind to a halt , the numerous heads of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , being bred as they are , for beef , they would be useless for milk products .
Not all people can be infected , though , and the situation has become a waiting game .
For it to be repreived or condemned , we are forced to turn to the scientists to establish whether or not BSE and CJD are linked , and , more importantly , whether the latter can be contracted by eating meat contaminated with the former .
The nation awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the police ' s interests that there be no proven link .
Watch this space !
However , I believe that it is merely that man is better at diagnosing CJD now than ever before .
Some people say that it can take up to 20 years to develop , so we could all already have it .
Whatever you say , I shall continue to enjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire pudding , thankyou .
There has been a health scare in Britain recently that some beef may contain BSE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may lead to the human equivalent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - Jacob disease ) .
It is a disease in cows that effects their brain and spiral tissue ( or offal as it is sometimes known ) .
With a few reported cases of CJD , a similar form of the disease found in humans , it is know thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
They believe that eating beef containing offal will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
The claim has devestated the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness .
Today the sales of beef in America have dropped by about 15 % and in Britain they have dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
Some scientists say that to contract CJD part of the cows offal must be contained within the beef .
People are still reluctant to eat the meat incase it has come from some ' dodgy ' butcher trying to cut costs .
As you can see this has had a tremendous inffluence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants where beefburgers are the main item on the menu .
An example of this is MacDonalds where they have immediately brought out a notice stating that their beefburgers are made from 100 % of the finest , pure beef and contain no offal .
In my opinion no half decent restaurant with a good reputation would risk buying poor beef in case a customer caught CJD and they managed to trace it back to the restaurant .
An event like this would mean they would be sued for several thousands of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
As a result of the lower beef demand in places of food production there would be a lower need for beef cows .
It means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) that could not be sold .
Because of this the price of beef would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
However , as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminated offal may cause CJD in humans , farmers ( in particular beef farmers ) are losing out as they will have to sell their meat for a lower price due to the low demand .
as a result they may have to diversify towards other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsidy .
Many feel that the evidence that BSE causes CJD was not strong enough before the claims were released .
Agriculture has therefore caused an unnecessary , deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and beef market .
The question of compensation for services rendered is never so simple as determining a predetermined salary based on qualifications and a person ' s dedication to the task at hand .
If one has preconceived notions about one ' s salary , one will certainly be disappointed since some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others . "
belonging to society " is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
Towards the 1920s in American , it became very popular to disdain people who did not actually work for a living , but merely lived off the interest of their investments .
The housing market was experiencing a boom , and several formerly working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of retiring early .
The several great authors of that period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; they received money , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
Families who inherit money or live off the interest of investors often seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , some sort of excitement that money can not buy .
This almost unlimited wealth changes people , both those who are born into wealth and those who earn their own money early on .
Why do they have the right to live this way ?
Talk about people who work very hard yet they seem to be paid miserably .
Agricultural migrant work may slave away in a field all day long and make less money in a day than a wealthy person spends on a tip at lunch .
To answer this question lies in one ' s feelings about Democracry .
Some would argue that if a person is rich enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children ' s inheritance ) he or she is entitled to it .
A very hard view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary then it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
His opinions are based on a rather faulty American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life and what they make of it is their own responsibly .
However , most people believe that they are underpaid and that others are overpaid .
For instance , everyone seems to think that doctors make much more money for the work they do , yet none of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it ' s a fair price ) .
However , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making them work harder , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not give pay equal to contribution to society .
I believe that in the past women have had problems with societies role of what they are expected to do in the work place and at home .
Families have been looked down on if they try to get ahead and pay has differed with the same job for a man verses a woman doing the same job .
Gone is the fact that the woman is required to stay home .
But a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay home do it because they want to .
A lot of what has changed women gender roles is the feminists .
There are groups of people that have defended women over the years .
The people have shown the modern world what women in the work place can do .
The problem is that most feminists have not looked at all women .
Some people were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What matters is that all women have to go along with these feminists rules .
This makes it hard , because if they do not , they are looked down upon by their piers .
Another example is military women wanting to serve in combat positions when at war .
I argued this a lot when the Iraq war was going on .
He felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
I knew that these people were crazy .
You just ca n ' t fight in a war very well .
They are not strong enough and if captured could be raped .
I feel that it is not fair that men are the only ones .
Many women , though , are glad that the rule in the United States stands as it does .
Feminists have complained about promotions in the work place as not being fair .
The sexual harassment is involved in a lot of suits .
Indigenous women believe that they are the victims .
Workers agree that five to ten years ago this might have been true , but now many employers are the victims .
Men are scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
There are some things that women can do better than men and there are some things that men can do better than women and
God would have loved us all the same if this was not true .
Feminists are trying to make nature equal and that is impossible to do because nature can not be changed .
More and more physical jobs are being filled by the woman but a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men .
I think that the traditional customs were a good thing , but the modernization has changed everyone ' s habits .
HIV is at fifty percent and rising , women are having more heart attacks , being more stressful , and kids are being more neglected .
That is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if this is not for them .
There will be a change in the presidency , and running a lot more companies .
Men should be created equal , but they can only do what nature intended they to do ...
When a movement is began whether it be political , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are quick to form .
Groups normally associated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumped into categories regardless of individual differences .
The tragedy is worsened by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
This is especially true of the Womens Liberation Movement in America .
Since its beginnings in the late 19th century , Women ' s Liberation has been met with adamant , and often obstinate oppostion .
Two of the first radicals , Susan B. Anthony and George Sand ( although French ) were noticed and ridiculed , thus defeating their cause , because of their aggressive action .
At the same time , feminists such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignored during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
The ignorance of other less aggressive feminists , made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by wild , disgruntled zealots and was therfore , detrimental to the good of society .
Whilst " radicals " such as Sand and Anthony seem docile and backward in modern standards , the problem still exists .
From the very beginning the Women Liberation Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
Consequently , I contend that the fault does not lie with the radical members of the movement , but rather , in the perception of those observing the movement .
When Women First Lib really took off again in the late 1960s , it was again destined for failure .
Initially , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself .
Those outside the movement could only see the differences between " normality " and Beethoven ' s Lib .
This is also true twenty - five years later .
Those supporting equal pay for women and and other " liberal " causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadow of the bra - burning , anti - shaving leaders of the 1970s .
The legitimacy of their cause is undermined by the perception of the radicals .
So what am I looking at ?
demonstrating that so - called feminists have not in and of themselves harmed the Women ' s movement .
however , the popular perception of them has .
For so many years the good that feminists have done for women has fallen by the wayside in lieu of other more interesting , i. e. radical ideas .
Amongst many other aspects and movements in life , they would be more readiliy received if the public it was being aimed was not so jaded .
In this century there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago .
However , of the inventions of this century , the one that has made the most impact on world views and lifestyle is the television .
The instrument has brought other worlds right into the living room , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
Indeed , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
Television has come to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than can not be given by newspaper .
Television has the power to bring culture into the home as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand their own culture more fully .
Consequently , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
On the contrary , religion has become the escape route of the masses , a way for people to flee from the conflicts they experience in their culture , rather than confront them and try to understand them .
In the mind of most Americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational tool , as free entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Millions of Americans can be found to be staring at the screen at any one time , watching sit - coms , soap - operas , and cartoons .
The kitchen has become the center of many households ; in many families , the only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television .
Depression is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many American families , and has also resulted in an increase in laziness .
The more time he spends watching TV , the less motivated he becomes ; there is no need to seek worthwhile activities when it is much easier to sit on the couch , pick up the remote control , and stare at a box .
Science , therefore , has changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
Philosophy has given society another creative vein , a look at worlds which could be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to better educate itself .
Consequently , throughout the years , television has lost much of its integrety ; the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education .
the entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from its problems and dificulties .
However , since the invention of television , society has becomed more informed but too lazy to think about this new information , and has distanced itself from family life .
One discovery that has significantly changed many peoples lives and their ways of thinking is the epidemic , known as AIDS .
Although it has probably been around for awhile , it ' s presence hasn ' t really been known untill fairly recently , and it ' s consequences have been devistating .
Suicide has definately had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
This has caused a lot of prejudice and paranoia among people which has torn them apart .
for example , there is more of stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of their sexual preference , but they probably have AIDS too .
This kind of crazy thinking is breaking us apart .
So , when Ryan White , a boy who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion was diagnosed , the people of his town and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would n ' t allow him to attend school .
With the discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an all time high .
We are discovering that some undetectable strands of AIDS do exist .
It has really scared people because they may have AIDS and not even know it .
I think this has really made people think about their actions .
In the early 1990s " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and rarely occurs .
They seemed to be valued more than one night stands .
People are starting to realize that they really do need to be careful , and with more education on this disease , I ' m sure more changes will come about .
The 21st century has seen more wars than any other previous bloc of time .
With advances in communication , transportation , and information sharing , the world as a body of people living in close proximity , has rapidly shrunk .
Towards the second of the world wars , the race was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and most frightening weapon our people had ever known .
In my lifetime , the discovery and harness of atom and its energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
As advanced technology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , fear began to replace nationalism , and our small world erected barriers between its members .
From my days as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities for underground , and weapons orbiting our planet , with daily , normal life .
And this increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of our nuclear , cold war age .
On a planet which desperately needs our focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementation .
as a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bombshelters to an ever circulating cheif Executive commandpost from the air .
In just the last three years our family of nations has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wall and hundreds of other smaller symbols of freedom , and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
Beyond this , the walls , barbed wire , and mental barriers are falling , bringing more change than our planet has seen since its genesis .
If the old habits die hard , they are indeed dying .
Towards America the military has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nuclear warheads has virtually arrived a standstill .
However , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will turn from mediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
In this thawing of attitudes , our frigid planet and cold neighbors may once again be a warm and friendly people .
The development of penicillin as an antibiotic was one of the greatest advances in medicinal chemistry .
Traditionally a natural antibiotic , penicillin was discovered to have many uses in stopping and preventing the spread of infections .
This " anti - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
This sudden burst of medicinal compounds not only improved the chances of a patient ' s survival in a hospital but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
As production of new antibiotics decreased , chemists began to wonder if certain variations of these drugs could be synthesized and also used as medicine .
it was also attemped to increase the production of the naturally - occurring antibiotics through synthesis .
All of these new attempts caused a need for more research , more companies , and more medical chemists , and the industry increased tremendously .
It was found that the older drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biologically active .
Other drugs were also synthesized ; some were found to be medically useful while others were not .
A variety of different drugs continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
It is now much easier to obtain antibiotics for simple illnesses , such as the common cold .
Agricultural enterprises , such as Upjohn , were formed and grew , and universities had research teams devoted to producing efficient synthesis routes for the production of all kinds of antibiotics .
The invention of one compound led to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a booming industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
The development of antibiotics and research of their uses still continues today as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacteria - - the producer of penicillin .
The modern microcomputer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredibly rapid pace : from the very first modern computer in the 1940 ' s to the computers of today , there have been many technological advances and also there has been a tremendous impact on society .
the computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories ; accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs , etc .
The effects of the computer have been tremendous ; however , the phenomenon is a catch-22 .
the computer has made life easier from a physical standpoint and harder from a mental standpoint .
The side effects of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
In fact , the computer is everywhere .
From Word processors to spreadsheet / database programs , computers have made office work easier and faster .
Automation of machines has also eliminated many manual jobs .
Nowadays almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e. g. a calculator .
There are of course many other things computers are used for , but this lengthy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd and 3rd world countries ) how abundant computers are .
The net effect of computers is two - fold .
However , computers have made mathematical computations so easy to do , many people do not fully understand how or why their computer works .
It has created a surplus of " needless " computations , figures , etc .
One can easily do calculus or other type functions with a computer .
What most people do not realize is that computers make errors all the time .
Usually , it is the person who " told " the computer what to do that truly made the error ; however if that person knew what he should do , or better stated " was able to do with a computer " , he would not have erroneous answers .
mathematical models , theories , etc .
And absolutely riddled with errors simply because there are many things people do n ' t know or ca n ' t predict .
Solutions to this errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignorant - for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
However , computers have sometimes become more reliable than people .
A computer 's circuits do n't get tired and , if programmed 100% correctly ( another perhaps impossible computation ) , never make errors .
This poor reliability has left many workers out of work .
The consequences of this are unpredictable .
anxiety , frustration , fear , and many other negative feelings have sprung up simultaneously with the rise of computer usage .
However , there is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the modern computer .
it would be practically impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again .
But there are practical solutions .
A mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a simple calculator .
However , curtailing some theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous results .
The other is probably in the classroom .
We should learn more about the ramifications about what they are doing .
. This probably would require understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science . )
In either case , if they are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people ' s lives .
A large , shiny egg , sometimes as large as a small FIAT , with a metal arrow in it ' s center has changed the size of the world , and communication amongst the countries within it .
This satellite dish , created in the last 0 years , has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
in part , it has created The Information Age , as the latter part of the 20th ctry , is often labelled .
Not just about the date of its invention , it must be recognized as one of the more vital tools used in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
Norman Turner revolutionized the use of the satellite , with his creation of CNN , the round - the - clock , round - the - world news station .
Presidents and dictators alike switch the channel to recieve first hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coup d'etats or civil wars .
amendments , of governmental autonomy , are being made , based on that nights news CNN commentator .
Corporate leaders and presidents of enterprises such as panasonic and CORE refer to CNN , created by satellite dish , on a daily bases .
Agriculture are an integral part of their livelihood .
The Western world has taken full advantage of the satellite dish , subtitling the Information Age , with the MTV age .
The arrival of MTV in 1980 , has dramatically changed the entertainment business .
the money poured into creating videos , and the profits from viewership - have had a strong affect on the world economy .
40 % of U. S. citizens are entertainers .
Satellite Satellite dish has also created distinct advantages for Cable TV and naval programs as well .
the intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself due to cable viewing , created by the satellite dish .
These programs have wasted exceeding amounts of money in the United States , due to the satellite dish .
Hence one must not forget space programs such a STARWARS .
The development of the satellite dish in the past 20 years , has altered the average intelligence of the human being for the better and sometimes worse .
It has created an information age , which could be dangerous , and requires an entertainer ' s salary .
The pro 's and con 's of the satellite dish are numerous .
The best observation which can be made , is that : It has altered people lives significantly .
It is up to the next person to decide if this alteration will be for the better or worse .
the discovery of the Atomic energy , is undoubtedly the the most awesome as well as terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
In 1947 , J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his invention in the form that is still most familiar to us today : The Atomic bomb .
The force behind the fear that this energy causes is routed in its incredible power to destroy .
Never before has the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Never before has one object of such small size been able to take so many lives .
For this reason , it is considered the most awe - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world .
However , with each progressive day , the world ' s need for this dangerous energy augments .
But not only does it have the capacity to kill ,
. also the capability to supply and energize the world .
One drawback is the danger .
By utilizing this power in plants and factories we run the risk of contaminating our land , blowing holes in our sky , rendering our seas useless , and killing our species as well as all the species of the earth .
Whilst we have many other power source alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogical to think that without continued nuclear use , we can escape harm .
And as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have holes in our ozone layer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
It would be foolish to think that the leaders of the world would confer and aspire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
The saddest part of this story is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
The line of sight from our leaders is almost appalling .
In the lack of respect for the planet that is the general attitude of today , what is to become of our children .
The current state of the world ' s environment is a sad one .
There is also however , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
However , the day will soon come when the damage caused by this apathy will be irreversable .
That is why it is imperative to act today .
It starts with a.
Ask your local congressman .
One invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people ' s lives is the invention of the airplane .
The degree to which this invention has altered people ' s lives is astronomical .
The book opened doors to traveling and also broadened people ' s perceptions of the entire world .
He also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of doing without a machine : the concept of flying .
Before the invention of the telegraph , long distance traveling was a very difficult , time consuming task .
For this reason they did not travel extremely long distances and missed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own .
He could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather ; also as noted above , it was extremely time consuming .
Because of the nature of long distance travel people often had a very ethnocentric and limited concept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my own country just from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited .
I must admit that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Even though I could watch the news and read about other cultures I still did not have the opportunity to witness it first hand .
The success of the airplane has opened many doors and one other door is international relations .
Since the invention of the Internet the world has increased close contact between political systems , and international business endeavors .
the frequency that which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drastically the establishment of international trade .
the airplane has also basically speeded up the whole postal communication system also .
Driving with airplanes is more rapid paced .
computers , telephones , and nuclear energy are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had profound effects on modern day life .
We must acknowledge , however , that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the 0th century .
One " discovery " of this past century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women .
Of course , the concept of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that much progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ) .
As late as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to have the woman in the home , housekeeping and tending the children .
The first significant equal rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70s with the Equal Rights Amendment , which failed .
Even today , a woman is still only earning something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man earns .
Feminism does not just have to do with work and money , but also with the image of women .
IT ' s only recently that we ' ve " discovered " , or begun to think about rather , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we use helps to form the image of women .
The recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that women are seen for who they truly are .
Buddhism is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it ' s a movement , an attitude that has not yet become mainstream .
Only when we have achieved equality with men , will there cease to be a need for feminism , and the discovery will have been completed .
The idea I feel that has most significantly changed people their lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment .
Slowly , people have become aware of the importance of environment to our future .
They are concerned with nuclear weapons .
I realize that countries that which have many weapons have the power to destroy the world .
Mostly related to this topic is nuclear waste .
Nuclear waste is not only toxic to humans ; it also kills animals and plants .
Families are now fighting for acts to clean up our lakes and rivers .
They are no longer able to freely dump their wastes w / o being heavily fined .
We have also become concerned with nature .
Humans used to assume our natural resources were never ending .
Somehow , though , we realize what we use , needs to be replaced .
for example deforestation is a very big issue , many groups have formed to plant more trees .
Canadians also realize our fossil fuels need to be used more conservatively .
Another important thing we are all aware of is recycling .
It links 2 issues , one of not producing much nonbiodegradable products and the other of reusing what we have .
. Recycling in a small way also helps those w / o homes b / c they receive money for their collections ) .
Many people realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy it also is beneficial to their environment .
An important issue is that of conserving energy .
Into the past , once again , we assumed our energy was never ending .
Now though people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they are not in their rooms , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
I realize that conserving is not beneficial to our environment but it is also saves money .
Humans have also become more considerable of our animal life .
They are no longer able to kill animals freely .
Humans do still raise some for food but hunting is limited and we are all aware of the possibilities of extinction .
He realizes that animals have rights too .
Towards conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
People are slowly becoming more aware and are beginning to take more precautions .
The topics above are just a few of the topics we are now concerned with .
Now we are heading in the right direction and hopeful by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed !
Drugs have definitely effected peoples lives .
I have a past and my life has change because of it .
I am able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer whereas before I had a computer my desk was cluttered w / paper and records of all sorts , I no longer need to keep these records but only to transfer them to my computer .
This means I am able to store more information in an organized fashion .
Though I have only used a fraction of my life ' s ability , I ' m still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
Aside from being able to store great amounts of information , I ' m also able to process and to edit things quickly .
For example , without the use of a computer I had to balance my checkbook once a month and had to carry w / a calculator , a pen and a piece of paper .
Of course , this was very time consuming and open to error . With the use of a computer I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make .
However , w / the use of the Word Processor I ' m able to edit and rearrange documents w / out altering the entire document , and furthermore , though I have yet to use the Communications program in my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
My dad has the same program in his computer and is able to buy on line tickets w / out leaving the house and moreover w / out picking up the phone .
Consequently , I realize that my experience w / computers is limited and that the power of computers , for me , is incomprehensible .
I am now here in Madrid .
How do I get there ?
So , I applied to the this program , was accepted , and flew here form the US .
However , w / out the use of computers I would still be struggling w / the secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
So , once I applied to the program - the application for which was probably computer generated - I assume my info was processed by a computer .
In / out this luxury , the International Programs Office would inevitably inundated w / paperwork and things would therefore be lost or at least misplaced .
Upon booking my flight , though I did not do this myself , the transaction would seem impossible minus the aid of computers .
Computers have had a most significant impact on the economy in the latter 1 / 2 of the 20th century .
One invention of the 20th century that I think has significantly changed people ' s lives is television .
It allows the instantaneous communication of ideas , images , news , etc .
So , if something is happening in any part of the world - from across town all the way to Beijing - - every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
If previously people had to wait days , or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) now they can see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening , this allows them to make their own , informed judgment about the event ; and if a reaction is necessary - such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law - - it can be made immediately , while the emotions are still strong , and before the action is finalized .
. well , the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television sets means that everybody ( well , at least everybody who watches ) receives the same inflow of information and ideas .
as , for example , people in Spain can be informed about how people in California or Japan speak and act , this allows people from different cultures to come together and discuss ideas .
In my opinion , it is one part of the process of making the world a " smaller " , more unified place , or a " global village " as one journalist has called this world of the Information Age .
not only the news , but also entertainment is an important practical function of television , through television entertainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
Humans can see various actions acted out to their ends , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to perform the same actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
But these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life seem the good guy always wins , and always lives thru dangerous situations .
Yet , this sense of reality is not so distorted , and so hidden that people are going around acting like Superman .
As long as one has a well and developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
the waters of the culunary seas have been calm and consistant for centuries .
It has move slow like the tides and the constant rythm of the waves have showed little changed .
But with the daybreak of the twentyth century a storm has brewed .
In this storm the waters have churned and spawned a wave that has crashed upon the rocks of every kitchen .
The wave is the microwave .
Never before has such an idea revolutionized a science like this .
A clean break has been forged in the way food is prepared .
Before the dawn of time , cave men cooked animal flesh over open fires .
AS History progressed , spits and barbeques emerged .
1850 saw the advent of the wood stove , and later ones fueled by coal .
Other times saw gas and electric ranges as to staple .
All these people had one thing in common : FIRE .
Water , the source of life , always used to prepare the fool of mankind throughout History .
Similarly , the microwave uses radiation to excite water particles in food , thus creating friction , which creates heat .
Philosophy is a prime example of thinking that does not follow in old footsteps but breaks away from convention and forges new routes .
If that were not amazing enough , the microwave cuts cooking time in half .
If you had told anyone 100 yrs ago that you could cut cooking time in half , and not use fire , they would have thought you crazy , or bewitched , or under the influence of heavy drugs .
Towards an age where time is the scarcest comodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen .
My mother who works , can come home can whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
This microwave is excellent for re - heating making it easier for people to make excess food to be eaten later .
The time is conserved - - Children are able to use this simple device without parental fear of fires starting .
" As I have said before , there is no fire !
A marvel of technology has helped propel people into the dizzing pace of life that most of us lead in the 20th century .
Throughout , one can see that great revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new insights , and differents perspectives .
Traditionally these were needed to create the microwave which is essential nowadays .
This is something everyone must do .
The device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life in the fast paced 20th century .
When I was in seventh grade a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun and the radio .
A loaded gun can be used to keep civil peace , enforce Marshall Law .
A radio can be used to communicate ideas and under a dictatorship , propaganda .
In the 21st Century the machine gun has not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it ' s killed ) , but the invention of radio has made a tremendous impact .
The idea for the radio is simple .
There is a transmitter and it sends its signals through the air , waves , with potential for millions of receivers .
Throughout the 20th Century radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
He keeps people informed .
i don ' t think any people of my generation can even comprehend now our lives would be different .
Every morning we listen for the weather forcast and dress accordingly .
At night you can sit by the radio and hear how the events of the day unfolded .
This , hence , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the news making process .
Journalism had been around for many years but it was not until the invention of radio that the power of the media became evident .
It gives the ability to reach many more people , instantly .
Traditionally a form of entertainment , radio and its most important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people ' s lives .
A typical day for a child in todays world , consists of going to school and coming home to watch T. V.
There have also been forms of entertainment , for example videogames , made for this other form of entertainment .
Nowadays everybody watches T.V.
My mom , for example , is over 100 years old , and for her T. V. is the greatest thing in the world .
She works in front of it all day and it keeps her happy .
Hollywood offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporting events , movies and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
In brief , I don ' t know what life was like before radio , but its invention has changed the way we see and do things .
The current ideology in the United States today is for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
Everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed and when one does not do this one fails .
You can see these ideas in popular media everyday .
T. V. programs and T. V. programs project models of how one should be .
Since the 20th cen , the values of / that the United States was founded on have changed in meaning and sense when applied to modern day America , nothing was ever equal .
Even today , since the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers life for americans moves at a much faster pace .
Families are more mobile , can work more , and buy more things , but time for relaxation and family are often substitued with T. V. In America , this growing individualistic society , one nolonger sees the realitive humanness between people , instead one sees the differences , the unlucky , the unsuccessfull , and attribute thier inadequacy to achieve to a lack of effort .
With media moving at such a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss , the voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
the parts of the new machine that need oiled and regulated .
When Beethoven wrote Candide , a literary style known as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
There was a group of scholars in France , Théâtre Français , that set guidelines for French literature .
According to Théâtre Français , all literature of the Neoclassic period must follow the rules of propriety which regulated the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issues .
The standard upheld by the Academie is the idea of verisimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the time , setting and plot true to life .
Voltaire , as a botanist , knew all these regulations and followed them in his literature .
Consequently , when writing Candide , Voltaire defied the Academie ' s rules .
It is a parody on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists called for literature to have good manners : they did not want to step on anyone ' s toes by mentioning sex , violence , church , or state issues .
But Candide Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
Sebastian went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
It told of the two girls of Orellion who were lovers of monkeys , and of the Baron who bathed with the Musselman and was punished for his homosexual act .
Violence turned into violence when Cunegonde was being raped by a Barber , and witnessed his murder while he was on top of her .
A wise old woman underwent the removal of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing rape .
When the Baron is caught bathing with the Mussalman , he receives 100 lashes for his sin .
He stabs the Baron , a Jesuit Priest , after the Baron forbids Candides marriage to Cunegonde .
However , although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated lightly : Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entertaining story in their conversations about their travels ; the Baron also continues his tale with style after telling of his beating ; and after Candide " kills " the Baron , he leaves to search for Cunegonde with no second thought until he reencounters the Baron later in his travels .
the light attitude in which these acts of sex and violence are written shows the parody form in which Voltaire writes Candide .
Baldwin chooses not to stay away from the church and state issues .
Marriage attracts the hippocracy of the Church in the old woman ' s father being the Pope .
When he visits the land of Eldorado , Voltaire shows the people ' s perfect relationship to God : they only praise God because there is nothing they want from God .
Buddhism uses this perfect relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to foil society ' s imperfect relationship with God in the real world .
Aristotle makes fun of aristocracy in his description of the Baron , who came from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentilesse .
He and his companions dine with 6 dethroned kings who represent the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
In this portrayal of the utopian society of Eldorado , Voltaire toils the imperfections of our society .
Beside the Lunde , 35 % of homicide victims are killed by someone they know .
Numbers from 56 are greater than Lundes ' thesis .
Religion is the main factor most implicated in these tragedies .
These cases are those of the " trigger puling the finger " .
However , racial prejudice still exists , but less action has taken place than 30 years ago .
Ten years ago , minorities could n ' t ride a bus , vote , or go to school with white people .
This reduced some prejudice , but it still exists .
The problem is , today social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would expect the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for that person .
That someone would then feel obligated to do nice things back and return favors .
which is based on eauity theory .
it would be better for the client to do nice things for the person that it would be to ask a favor of the person .
Those who live in the north who comes to live in the south may not be prejudice toward Blacks at first .
When living in the south for a while , they may adopt southern attitudes toward Blacks and feel prejudice toward them .
This is conformity .
The same goes for Southerners who moved north .
I come to feel prejudice toward Jews .
I am someone who has lived all over the world .
There is prejudice toward Jews , Blacks , and Mexicans .
he adopted white attitudes against minorities in the different regions he has lived in .
This country has been coined a " melting - pot " inferring that we all come from different that we all come from different background but have joined or melted together to produce homogeneous Americans .
Having a persons heritage , as we are realizing , is important to their sense of self and community .
Native American cultures have been reviving and trying to reestablish roots that were once lopped off to a model U. S. citizen .
the differences they are rediscovering only add more color , flavor and excitement to that brewing " pot " of our people .
Consequently , some individuals and even groups of Americans are reacting negatively to this ethnic explosion ( seen most clearly through the arts ) .
I do n ' t want to accept these differences .
Many choose to remain indifferent to the plights of their fellow Americans .
Historian Ellie Weisel , author of such books as Night says about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
The virtues of love , beauty , intelligence , light , joy , life and growth are not their familiar ontonyms but indifference .
Contemporary American literature tries to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American culture .
the gamut of ethnic American literature is without bounds .
Each group has its own peculiarities and attributes that make it in writing unique .
In some cases the words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
For example , Native Americans poetry is more expressive and visual partly because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of the natural environment .
Native American Literature is philisophical / literal because their native language is so .
Latin American literature is often melodious and rhythmic mirroring their similar achievements in Jazzy and Blues music .
All these things ( and more ) give us some insight to other cultures we would otherwise never know .
Horror stories told in this genre of literature , however , are likely the most important aspect of Ethnic American literature .
It is through the stories of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
Once we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through we can sympethize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
True stories of black American slaves and of concentration camp victems are necessary to avoid indifference .
By learning about the past ( and present ) horrors there is no way to ensure future humanity .
Contemporary American literature benefits U. S. citizens in many ways .
God opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others .
it gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us .
Psychology helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
Most of all , it gives us a common ground on which to live , and grow , and prosper .
that we will someday fulfill Elie Weisel ' s goal and end indifference ; this literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
Different is beautiful !
Television on television can be seen throughout the many channels that cable has to offer .
With an average national TV viewing time of 7 ¹⁄₂ hours daily , the prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a serious concern .
Criminal programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Older children watch violent tv shows because the action thrills them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent .
Horror is common in TV entertainment - - the dramas that portray stories about crime , psychotic murderers , police cases , emergency services , international terrorism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Domestic violence is prevalent in the United States and some people disagree with its effects on children .
The D - chip is an electrical device that blocks out violent television shows .
Some committees , such as the Senate Commerce Committee , are not satisfied with it .
The House Commerce Committee approved bills creating a partial ban on TV violence and a so - called report card that would identify stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it .
Television bills would apply to broadcasting and cable ( Stern 1 ) .
Some of the contributions to antiviolence are as follows : the Senate V - chip , the House V - chip , a Technology Fund , a Violence Safe Harbor , and a Violence Report Card .
The proposals could work if Congress had some support .
The National Association of Broadcasters accused the FCC of " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .
The government also insisted that broadcasters already have responded to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Many television shows show violence because it appeals to adult viewers .
If a certain plot involves a murder , then the murder will happen .
Some people do not want the actual murder to be shown , but that is up to whomever is writing the television show .
The made for television movies say that it may contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advised , but how many parents actually watch television with their teenager ?
An extensive examination of the broadcast networks ' programming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister combat violence ' pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
How much violence is there ?
His most violent cartoons are ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudd .
As for television shows containing sinister combat violence , well that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
The goal for television violence is to add texture to the show and not to poison children ' s minds .
The new V - chip may stop some shows from being shown to children , but one day that child will see violence and they will have to deal with it , rationally or not .